(dp0
S'totalLikes'
p1
I5058
sS'reviews'
p2
(lp3
VThere are plenty of fantasy authors who claim to be doing something different with the genre. Ironically, they often write the most predictable books of all, as evidenced by Goodkind and Paolini. Though I'm not sure why they protest so much--predictability is rarely a death sentence in genre fantasy.The archetypal story of the hero, the villain, the great love, and a world to be saved never seems to get old--and there's nothing wrong with this story when it's told well. At the best, it's excitin...more
p4
aVEDIT:  14 Dec. 2012.  I no longer get notifications for the comments.  Feel free to duke it out with each other; just don't expect me to respond.WARNING:  If you enjoyed this book, even a little bit, you may not want to read this review.  It will probably make you angry. Heaven knows that the book made me furious, and I intend to turn every bit of that wrath back on it.Instead, I suggest you read karen's review, Aerin's review, Joyzi's review, or any other of the gushing four and five-star reviews he...more
p5
aVI really feel the necessity of a bit of personal backstory here, before I start the review. Back in 1996 when this book first came out, and I was about 14 or 16 years old, I saw the hardcover on a sale table for about $5 and couldn't resist a bargain (still can't, though I'm more cautious these days). So I started reading this book with the vague idea that it was a flop, and that may not have helped, but I got through 100 pages of it before feeling so crapped off with it that I shoved it in my c...more
p6
aVyup.nerds, now i am among you.this is going to be a review where i just prattle on and on about meee meee meee, because let's face it - there are a million reviews of this puppy out there so i don't have to worry about doing a disservice to the book. you'll either read the book or you won't. but you should: it's got direwolves.i wasn't going to read this. after years of watching hordes of desperate sad-eyed nerds coming up to me, asking "any news on the george r.r. martin release??" (like the bn...more
p7
aVFirst off, I'm a heavy duty fan of GRRM. I've read over a 100 different fantasy authors in my time. Took about 5 years off from the genre b/c I felt it was all getting too formulaic and cliched. So, when I came back to fantasy I read the usual: Goodkind, Jordan, etc. and then someone told me about GRRM and man, that was the kicker!img src=" "Here are the reasons to choose GRRM. I've also listed the reasons not to choose him to make it fair b/c I know their are certain personalities who won't lik...more
p8
aVI gave up on epic fantasy a long, lonnnnnnnnng time ago.  In those dark days when I was too old for children's books, contemptuously uninterested in the YA available at the time (mostly "horror" novels featuring haunted prom dresses or whatever, or after-school-special books about capital-I Issues like drugs or teen pregnancy), and completely unsure how to navigate the treacherous waters of the Adult Fiction section of the library, I turned to fantasy for comfort.  I loved fantasy!  I'd spent my ch...more
p9
aVAn open letter to George R R Martin: Dear Mr. Martin,While I love killer zombies and nobles stabbing peasants in the throat, I think your world doesn't make any sense. If there really were an environment that had ten years of winter and ten of summer, there's no ruddy way that a culture from that environment would engage in war in the manner they do in this book. Or they would totally die off and be replaced by a culture comprised of people who weren't a bunch of short-sighted tools. Also, pleas...more
p10
aVMy brown eyes that hover below the average height of eye to eyeness because of my midgety 5'5 frame struggled in valiant honour inside my pasty white face, despite the ten years of Florida summers, to soak up the cheese whiz blanketed pages with the driest crust of bread of the whole rest of the book. So tasteless this crust was that a Gulag inmate would have turned it down. "No, thank you but the cheese formed with the bread into a kind of glue that got caught in my throat and I couldn't breath...more
p11
aVthere are about a billion reviews of this one so i doubt i have anything to add. the only thing i feel truly compelled to say is TYRION THE DWARF IS AWESOME! my God, i haven't read a character who is so different and so enjoyable in years. many-layered and consistently surprising, hero & antihero, generous & spiteful in equal amounts, as capable of high-handed miscalculation as he is of clever deduction, brave & loyal & vindictive... just overall a superb creation. Tyrion, you ar...more
p12
aVI did not mean to read this book. My copy was just given to me by a friend as gift for my 47th birthday last month. I think I am too old for fantasy. Life in itself has too much of it and I don't think I need to read more. I enjoyed a couple of Tolkien's works last year and that friend knew that I also shared her love for Douglas Adam's Hitchhiker's and I thought that was the reason why she gave me this book. I am past the halftime of my life so what I am trying to do now is to read the books in...more
p13
aVWhen the King comes to Winterfell, Ned Stark soon finds himself given the post of Hand to the King by King Robert.  All is not well in Winterfell, however.  Stark's son is gravely injured and signs point to the King's wife's family, the Lannisters.  Stark will soon find out that when you play the Game of Thrones, you either win or die...Okay, so it's way more complicated than that but it's hard to write a teaser for an 800+ page kitten squisher like this.I was bound and determined not to read the S...more
p14
aVIn A Game of Thrones, Martin's dwarf, Tyrion Lannister, explains that "most men would rather deny a hard truth than face it."True, I think. Isn't that why we read fantasy novels about gallant knights that die fighting bravely against the undead? Sure, they die, but they die bravely. When other soldiers die serving their lord, they die loyally. Regardless, the Dark Lord will eventually implode and flowers will bloom, unlike in reality.Of all the characters in fantasy, few seem to have stepped so...more
p15
aVThis may be the best Fantasy I've read since J.R.R. Tolkien. I highly recommend it to any fans of the Lord of the Rings series who have been disappointed by the other supposed epics that have shown up since. Martin has created a sprawling world, full of intrigue and potential, and sowed it with characters who can carry out interesting conflicts within it. His prose is far more readable than the average Fantasy writer, capable of beautiful phrases and sweeping passages, but also excellent at carr...more
p16
aVA Game of Thrones has been plaguing my Amazon recommendations list for years and, for just as long, I've gone back and forth over whether or not I wanted to plunge in and give it a try.  Some sources used words like epic, Tolkien-esque, and masterpiece, so I would promptly put it on my list for my next bookstore visit.  Before I could purchase a copy, though, I would encounter other sources using words like convoluted, complex, and plodding, resulting in my just as promptly striking it off my list...more
p17
aVI know no one reading this knows me much (well some of you may) but I DON'T reread books.  I usually read a book once and its quite well locked into my brain.  As much as I've enjoyed many books I've read, they just don't require a second read for me.  I read them, now its time to move on.  "A Game of Thrones" is different.  I loved this book and its characters so much, and crave the world and narrative so much that I couldn't wait for Martin to get the newest installment out.  So I started rereading...more
p18
aVA Game of Thrones is really good. You may not think so after reading the rest of this review, but yes, I enjoyed this book. I liken it to Tolstoy's Anna Karenina in that it's a sweeping epic mostly focused on the movers and shakers while keeping the timeline linear by shifting the focus back and forth between characters and groups of characters, specifically families. Also, it's a big honkin' huge book, just like those Russian classics. Honestly, A Game of Thrones could have been made into two o...more
p19
aVThe world kept screaming at me that this book is one of the best fantasy novels ever. So I bought it (and scored an awesome 1990s cover). Then people started warning me how complicated it was. So I let it collect dust on my bookshelves for a couple years. Until now.I didn\u005cu2019t find it difficult to follow. Sure, I had to flip back a few times to recall characters and events. That is to be expected in a long book with multiple points of view. I do wish Martin had stuck to one name per character. But,...more
p20
aVI've not read any high fantasy in a long, long time, but I decided to pick this up purely because so many people on my flist were raving about the series. I can definitely see why it's a best-seller. It's long, with solid prose and a plot which is complex, but not overly so; the pacing is good, and the action is mostly organic, not engineered. Martin's characterisation is probably his best point. He has a vast array of characters, and switches POV between seven or eight different characters thro...more
p21
aVI am finished. My real review will be coming soon (and here it is), but here's the last installment of my reading journal for those who are still interested. This star rating reflects my feelings about the last quarter of the book and may not be my final rating for the book in its entirety. Since I am writing about the book as I go, there will necessarily be spoilers, so don't continue if you want to avoid them.My Game of Thrones Journal: volume ivArya --  I sure hope Syrio\u005cu2019s not dead yet. That...more
p22
aVHmm..."A Game of Thrones"... the book I read to see if it was really true. A Game of Thrones first came to my notice via the attentions of a Twitter spambot, who tweeted what seemed to be extracts from a racy fantasy novel ("The dragon does not beg, slut!") in between links to porn and new iPads or whatever. A fellow tweeter put one of the quotes into Google and discovered the quotes were from an actual book! And not just any book, an IMMENSELY POPULAR book beloved by fans worldwide! I had to ru...more
p23
aVHis trusty steed at a trot, Ser Merk headed forth into the Seven Kingdoms. Along the way, he met a sly lil dwarf, an honorable man, his honorable wife, a young boy who thought he could fly, Ser This and Ser That, Ser Used-to-Be, and Ser Has-Never-Been, and in the end, it turned out to be the boring young lady whose chapters Ser Merk often dreaded to see coming that finally stole his heart. Young lady, you hath woneth my hand. May I have this daynct? Cut a rug, bugaloo. Cut a rug, bugaloo. La lal...more
p24
aVI know I keep telling this story over and over, and I feel like I've been talking about those books I consider "formative" to my interest in fantasy and science fiction rather a lot lately\u005cu2014probably because I've been re-reading some of them. So apologies if the anecdotes have become tiresome. Nevertheless, it is necessary in this case for the wavey lines of flashback to cascade down your computer screen, for A Song of Ice and Fire played such a big role in kindling my love for fantasy that it wou...more
p25
aVI'm somewhat disappointed by this. I found it fun and entertaining for the first couple of hundred pages. It was interesting and engaging, and I could see why it's being filmed. But as the book progressed my enjoyment waned. It may be mostly me.First, I've come to fantasy from science fiction, and expect writers to be logical and consistent in their world-building. I love Martin's idea of a climate where winter can last for years and summer can last for years, but he doesn't seem to have thought...more
p26
aVA friend and I were talking about Tolkien one night after a sesh of Call of Cthulhu and he came at me with the insane standpoint that George RR Martin's breed of fantasy is superior, though indebted to, Prof. Tolkien. I immediately informed my friend that he was once again proving the ineptitude of his intellect. Tolkien is the father of modern fantasy and the ultimate writer within the genre. This is not opinion but fact. That said I was intrigued and promised said friend to look into this infi...more
p27
aVWinter is finally returning after years of summer and it brings its horrors with it. "Fear is for the winter, my little lord, when the snows fall a hundred feet deep and the ice wind comes howling out of the north. Fear is for the long night, when the sun hides its face for years at a time, and little children are born and live and die all in darkness while the direwolves grow gaunt and hungry, and the white walkers move through the woods."The lords and the armies prepare for a war that seems in...more
p28
aVI am nearly half way through now, so I thought it was time to put up the second installment of my reading journal. My star rating is always where I at in the book at the time of writing. It's going to fluctuate. Since I am writing about the book as I go, there will necessarily be spoilers, so don't continue if you want to avoid them. My Game of Thrones Journal: volume ii Tyrion--I really enjoyed his discussion with the Lord Commander, and Mormont\u005cu2019s request for more troops. The others are coming,...more
p29
aV2-Star book reviewThe world building may be brilliant, the writing may be fine but ultimately there feels at times as if there is little to distinguish this novel from among fantasy novels. That is apart from the gritty nature of the book and also the fact that George R.R Martin loves to talk about body parts and kill main characters. Hang on other fantasy authors have written equally gritty novels and they also kill off main characters in similar ways. Is this book actually just a blown up vers...more
p30
aVBefore I read this book, I had read some reviews which had me wondering if this one would be something I'd like, reviews from people whose opinions I trust. I am willing to read anything though, so the book stayed on my "TBR Someday" mental list... Until I decided to read it along with some friends. Friends who then got me so excited to read this that all of my reservations were hanging by a thread and blowing in the breeze. And I can honestly say that not only did this book not suck, but that I...more
p31
aV**4.5**I got the first book of A Song of Ice and Fire for free at last year\u005cu2019s New York Comic Con. I\u005cu2019d heard wonderful things about the series, yet I held off on reading it. I\u005cu2019m not one for traditional fantasy. Swords and sorcery call to mind my experiences with Tolkien: the exhaustive descriptions of landscapes, the sweeping battle scenes filled with incomprehensible strategic maneuvers, the jumping around between characters and places that had me constantly flipping to the included map. It wasn...more
p32
aVI had originally given this book 2 stars, but while writing this review; I realized that while the book had kept my attention somewhat, I hated it.Goodread's description of A Game of Thrones:"In a land where summers can last decades and winters a lifetime, trouble is brewing. The cold is returning, and in the frozen wastes of the north of Winterfell, sinister and supernatural forces are massing beyond the kingdom's protective Wall. At the center of the conflict lie the Starks of Winterfell, a fa...more
p33
aVI want to give A game of Thrones five stars, but alas, I cannot.  It is a fantastic epic tale with engaging heroes, and nasty villains that one would enjoy to slap silly.  I found myself emotionally invested in the fate of the Stark family.  Unfortunately, the book contains some glaring problems.First, Martin throws sex into the book willy-nilly.  It's like a horny twelve year old got his typewriter and went to town. It would be one thing if the sex were provocative and, well sexy, but unfortunately...more
p34
aVThis is the book that launched a kazillion hyperboles, but I feel in this case most of them are deserved.Lots of people know about George already.  We know he's great.  What makes him great is well represented in this first installment of the Song of Ice and Fire series.  Believable, multi-dimensional characters.  Characters with arcs (gasp).  Characters that change over time and react/adapt to their environment like.....   Actual people!  Nothing here is novel, but I think what George really hit on was...more
p35
aVThis book is everything I hate about fantasy.  It's really, really long.  It has a gazillion characters.  It ends in a very dramatic cliffhanger.  If you want to know what happens next, you have to devote 800+ pages to the next book.  Yet...I found myself hooked within a few chapters.  The characters are strong and interesting.  Although there are several plots running, it's pretty easy to follow them.  The female characters are as complex, if not more complex, than the men.  And, the children were very...more
p36
aVLong winded doesn't even begin to describe George R. R. Martin's writing style. Nothing I can say about this book will be a revelation to anyone who has read it. It should have been at least 25% slimmer. I fear the book itself would've been a thousand or more words shorter had just the term 'bastard' been omitted. I'm not sure why out of marriage births were enforced and reinforced so often. Did Martin not trust his audience to grasp how awful it was to be a bastard the first fifty, sixty, seven...more
p37
aVAnd Wigs spoke to the book-lord and said, send me a book worthy of five stars in 2012, please!!! And the book-lord said, it's already on your shelf, so get your shit together and pick it up. And Wigs did, it is known.SO I had this on my shelf but I ended up watching the show first, simply because I just didn't care to wait any longer. I watched all of season 1, and then read it. To be honest, I'm glad I did it in that order, since I liked having an idea of what the characters and lands looked li...more
p38
aVAndiamo per gradi:1. L'edizione fa schifo2. La traduzione \u005cu00e8 pessima3. Il libro \u005cu00e8 tagliato a met\u005cu00e0 e questa \u005cu00e8 solo la prima parte4. La storia \u005cu00e8 epica e perfetta.Come potete vedere, il punto 4 salva tutto il resto, ma non consiglio a nessuno la lettura di A Game of Thrones in italiano. Usate bene i vostri soldi e, se potete, leggetelo in inglese.
p39
aVAs the fantasy genre of today seems to be trending more and more towards the dark and gritty and more based on historical realities, George R.R. Martin's A Game of Thrones sets the bar on how well this model can work. I have seen criticisms around the web that talk negatively about the brutal depictions of events in the novel, the negative treatment of women and children and the overall dark tones of the novel. To all of these criticisms I say, pick up a history book. Life in the middle-ages was...more
p40
aVPartial review because I stopped reading the book after the first couple chapters.  The unbelievably juvenile map at the beginning of the book should have been a clue that this ride was not going to end well:  the names of the roads, towns, forests, etc. were all so retarded (the "Haunted Forest"? - we came up with better names for our D&D adventures when we were only 13!).  The prose wasn't bad, although the style was a little affected, and the story line predictable.  Maybe - except for Tolkei...more
p41
aVI am on page 470, and although it pains me to put a book down unfinished, it is simply time to for me quit.A Song of Ice and Fire is the Grey's Anatomy of fantasy. It isn't perfect in the beginning (it's pretty flawed, actually), but you think "That's okay, the premise is good! It will improve!" And then before you know it, everyone is having everyone else's baby and murdering their mother (who is also their sister, and a schizophrenic) and traveling around on horseback setting things on fire fo...more
p42
aVWow! What did I just read?!?! This is probably my favorite book right now! Daenerys' concluding chapter was amazing and makes me want to read ACOK right now! Jon's concluding chapters were very sweet and sets up really nice for ACOK. OMG Catelyn's concluding chapter was amazing! What is going to happen to the seven kingdoms?!?! What happened to Arya? What is Tyrion going to do? Millions of questions are running through my mind right now!! Enough with me being silly and asking questions that won'...more
p43
aVHo deciso che far\u005cu00f2 delle recensioni parziali mano a mano che do la scalata al maxi-tomo di Martin. Si tratta, per il momento, di un\u005cu2019esperienza di lettura estremamente piacevole. Sulle prime \u005cu00e8 faticoso entrare nell\u005cu2019universo di relazioni tra un personaggio e l\u005cu2019altro, attribuire ciascuno alla giusta casata e ciascuna casata al giusto schieramento, ma passata pagina 30 la lettura \u005cu00e8 tutta in discesa. Martin sa come mantenere viva l\u005cu2019attenzione, orchestrando la narrazione su pi\u005cu00f9 livelli, portandoci a s...more
p44
aVI like A Game of Thrones.*****Bran thought about it. \u005cu2018Can a man still be brave if he\u005cu2019s afraid?\u005cu2019\u005cu2018That is the only time a man can be brave,\u005cu2019 his father told him.DISHEARTENING.A Game of Thrones just got personal. I was warned that GRRM has a habit of killing off characters, may they be decent or not. But oh, was I enraged when he did kill one of the main leads and another one worth pitting with the lords and knights fighting for power. It doesn\u005cu2019t make any freakin\u005cu2019 sense to me for an author to build...more
p45
aVWarning:  Don\u005cu2019t expect Donna Reed to show up in this one. \u005cu2605\u005cu2605\u005cu2605\u005cu2605\u005cu2605 I loved it, I hated it, I couldn\u005cu2019t put it down, I vowed never to pick it up and read another chapter.  Yeah.  I went on an emotional roller-coaster ride with this fantasy Machiavellian soap-opera.  It grabbed a hold of me and wouldn\u005cu2019t let go, even when I pleaded for mercy.  I can\u005cu2019t image what those poor people, who don\u005cu2019t read, are doing while they wait for the next installment of this series to come out on HBO. Then again, I may commiser...more
p46
aVFirst things first. Someone needs to get Jessi a Direwolf,Stat. I mean come on.Look at the face.Anyway back to the book, maybe this should be five stars, I really loved it, but I started this book because I started watching and LOVING HBO's Game of Thrones and I am not sure which I love more. The show or the book?The book is great fantasy it is set in a world where seasons can lasts years and winters have killed entire generations, I found this facinating but the idea has not been expanded on, H...more
p47
aVThere are plenty of quality reviews here which address the shortcomings of this series and suggest (with name-drops galore) where it finds a place in the fantasy fiction landscape (and why it isn't quite the revelation some fans of Martin would have you believe), and in some of these there's contemporaneity-tinted outrage enough at perceived sexism and the like which, while making them socially-conscious and seemingly honest (or just earnest), I think does something of an injustice to Martin's w...more
p48
aVThis is a great book, although for the series as a whole, I'd probably only rate as 3-stars.  I feel the series loses life as it goes into subsequent books, so I have a hard time whole heartedly suggesting people start it.Book 1 was a great start, though -- it's a story of medieval fantasy where magic has grown thin but political intrigue, backstabbing and the wars of men are still thick.  This is well written with some great characters and plenty of action.The problems I have with the series as a...more
p49
aVFan-bloody-tastic.  I cannot believe I didn\u005cu2019t get my geek on with this series until now.I confess that I only picked this book up after running out of TV episodes to watch.  Isn\u005cu2019t Sean Bean a peach?Much like the TV show, I found the book absorbing.  Each chapter, narrated in the third person, is shown from a different viewpoint and titled with the characters name at the start.  The bite size chapters interweave the stories of three power families of Westeros, namely House Stark, House Lannister and...more
p50
aVSince we watched the first season of the HBO show last week, I had to protect my pretentious "I read the book" person cred. Thanks to Kelly for lending me her copy so I don't have to be 61 in line at work. Let's all have a moment of silence for the poor, poor me of a week ago who had not ever read this. Okay, over. I'm not sure why I was such a hold out on both the book and the show, because they are fantastic in pretty much equal measure. It's interesting to see the changes that were made betwe...more
p51
aVI got the first four books in this series for my Birthday last year. I didn't expect to fall in love with it so hard, and as soon as I finished reading those books I went out and bought them all in hardcover. At $35 a book, this was not an inexpensive venture. *laughs* I did it however, because I knew that I would be reading this series over and over again. And now here we are, almost a year later, and I'm starting to re-read the series again.The first time around, I read this book slowly-devour...more
p52
aVOriginally Written for Wickedly Bookishhttp://wickedlybookish.blogspot.com/I started reading this book because I wanted to have more information on the characters and events of the HBO series, Game of Thrones. I enjoyed the show and felt it stayed pretty true to the book all for a few inconsequential scenes. While reading the book, I got a look into what the characters were thinking and feeling when they made their big decisions and went through their coming of age trials. I really enjoyed that...more
p53
aVNo one is more shocked than yours truly for falling head over heels for Game of Thrones.    My first foray into the world of epic fantasy (I guess that\u005cu2019s the genre) was with the Hobbit. Yeah, it was so not the book for me, much to the chagrin of my Shire-loving family. Love the movies though. Then I ventured once again into epic fantasy territory with The Sword of Truth series. Let\u005cu2019s just say, we amicably parted ways after book 1. So as you can see, I\u005cu2019m just not into milady, m\u005cu2019lord, swords and drag...more
p54
aVI am a quarter of the way through the book; this is the furthest I've reached in four tries. I've been keeping a reading journal, and I feel compelled to share my feelings despite my lack of knowledge of what's to come. My star rating is where I am at now. This may change in subsequent installments. I don't know why any of you would want to read this, but then I would probably love to read this from some of my friends on here, so you never know. Enjoy ,,, or not.My Game of Thrones Journal: volum...more
p55
aVQuiz\u005cu00e1s la mejor obra de fantas\u005cu00eda medieval desde \u005cu2018El Se\u005cu00f1or de los Anillos\u005cu2019 de Tolkien. La historia se desarrolla en un mundo medieval, con lo que Martin se ahorra tener que crear su mundo desde cero, sin tener que dar explicaciones innecesarias, simplemente se basa en la mitolog\u005cu00eda ya existente en este sentido para que a todo el mundo le suene. Partiendo de esta premisa, y una vez definido el tablero sobre el que Martin va a mover sus piezas, sus personajes, Martin puede dedicarse a elaborar el pe...more
p56
aVI'm interested in the television series after reading this, it seems like a good choice and if it's done as well as everyone says that of course I want to see it. I was also told that if I was confused with characters and whatnot it would help with understanding everything. Unfortunately and fortunately, most of my reading is done at work, and books like this that are intense, full of characters, and storylines are sometimes hard to give my complete focus to. Needless to say, the book was very g...more
p57
aVA Game of Thrones by George R.R. Martin was published in 1996.  I can't believe it took me fifteen years to discover it.  I have always been a lover of the fantasy genre, especially epic fantasy such as this book, so it's quite strange that I never picked it up.  Not until I started seeing previews of a certain series that was coming to HBO in Spring 2011 did I learn that it was based on a book and then my interest was piqued... highly.  This book is both plot and character driven and that is what m...more
p58
aV  Winter is coming On one cold evening, I was sitting on my couch; bored and thinking and all of a sudden I felt like reading something about the medieval times or what I exactly felt like reading was about kings and queens and their jesters. So, I browsed through countless books and landed up with The Game of thrones. And boy am I glad I landed up with this incredible book!At first sight, the thickness of the book made me think that I would never be able to complete it and that it would be hidd...more
p59
aVIo odio questo libro.Mi sta proprio l\u005cu00ec.Adesso dovr\u005cu00f2 assolutamente leggere il secondo per sapere come andr\u005cu00e0 avanti.Sinceramente non ho tutta questa resistenza, eh. 
p60
aVReview: http://astridthebookworm.blogspot.co....
p61
aVby the power invested in me by years of fantasy reading... i shall read this piece of shit! in anger! and pain! i shall unravel mah warren to tell the world what a piece of crap this is!!!! been reading it for 2 months now! and im up to page 55! and it sucks as much as i remember! shit loads of tell dont show (x), abusing "adult" subjects like rape and sexuality to make it look "adult" (x), more outdated fantasies cliches than that dungeons and dragons movie (x), wishing i was reading some malaz...more
p62
aV4,5 estrelasQuando saiu a s\u005cu00e9rie A Guerra dos Tronos comecei a v\u005cu00ea-la, um tanto ou quanto com o p\u005cu00e9 atr\u005cu00e1s, mas rapidamente me apaixonei pelo enredo e personagens. Decidi ent\u005cu00e3o que um dia leria os livros e esse dia chegou! Acabo de ler o primeiro volume desta maravilhosa s\u005cu00e9rie em portugu\u005cu00eas, o que significa que li apenas metade, quer do primeiro volume em ingl\u005cu00eas, quer da primeira temporada da s\u005cu00e9rie e estou positivamente surpreendida. \u005cu00c9 do conhecimento geral que as adapta\u005cu00e7\u005cu00f5es nunca s\u005cu00e3o iguais ao livro...more
p63
aVIncuriosita dall'emozionante serie televisiva della HBO, ho iniziato ad avventurarmi nella mia prima lettura fantasy. Anche se in libreria vengono riposti su questo scaffale, non credo che si meritino appieno questa etichetta.Non gradendo le atmosfere del "Signore degli anelli" e "Lo Hobbit", sono rimasta piacevolmente colpita dal basso tasso di "fantasticherie", che contiene questo romanzo. Mi sono ritrovata davanti ad una scrittura semplice, sciolta, ma che denota un certo stile. Interessante...more
p64
aV This book is the first in a series called the "Song of Ice and Fire" by George R.R. Martin. Apart from the obvious rhyming name with J.R.R Tokien, the other thing that really drew me to this book was the immense hype over the book and the HBO TV series based on it.  A Game of Thrones begins with a prologue in which three men who have deserted the "Wall", cross paths with the "Other" and subsequently meet their death. Two of them are killed by the Other and the third person is beheaded by the ce...more
p65
aVAp\u005cu00f3s folhear diversas vezes os livros, e as sucessivas recomenda\u005cu00e7\u005cu00f5es para os ler, bem como a vinda, em Abril, de George R R Martin a Portugal, levou-me decidir que finalmente estava na altura certa para me lan\u005cu00e7ar nesta saga! Assim sendo comecei, obviamente, pelo primeiro livro \u005cu201cA Guerra dos Tronos\u005cu201d. O autor d\u005cu00e1-nos a conhecer no inicio do livro a Fam\u005cu00edlia Stark, e grande parte deste, desenrolar-se-\u005cu00e0 a volta desta fam\u005cu00edlia, onde podemos conhecer os dramas que cada um dos seus membros vai vivendo. Pe...more
p66
aVI watched the series first and then read the books, which helped since I could put a face on every character (and I find they are well cast in the series). I recall being slightly confused by the wealth of characters and houses during the series, but luckily I watched it with a bunch of friends who had already read the books and could help me out anytime.Reasons to read the book:+ Loads of witty dialogue (watch out for the Halfman)+ Beautifully crafted world you can immerse yourself in (includin...more
p67
aVYay! Finally, I finished this monstrous book. Seriously reading it feels like it was even longer than the HBO series which has ten episodes. Anyway I really like this book and I think presently I am very obsessed with it. I am even considering to have it as my top 1 favorite book of all time and Catching Fire by Suzanne Collins needs to step down and give that spot to Game of Thrones. However, I think I just need to finish reading the other books to make it more fair to the other books that I ha...more
p68
aVI have had my share of fantasy readings prior to picking up \u005cu201cA Game of Thrones\u005cu201d by George R.R. Martin \u005cu2013 I have read J.R.R. Tolkien's epic fantasy trilogy, \u005cu201cThe Lord of the Rings\u005cu201d; its prequel, \u005cu201cThe Hobbit\u005cu201d; the comprehensive backgrounder to the trilogy, \u005cu201cThe Silmarillion\u005cu201d, and; \u005cu201cThe Children of Hurin\u005cu201d, as well.  Some years back, I also read, with no small influence from my husband (the fantasy \u005cu201cpurist\u005cu201d, he likes to be called) the first two books in Terry Brooks' Shannara series, \u005cu201cThe Sword of Sha...more
p69
aVhttp://kitaphayvaniningunlugu.blogspo...Yurtd\u005cu0131\u005cu015f\u005cu0131nda ve T\u005cu00fcrkiye'de bir s\u005cu00fcr\u005cu00fc fana sahip ve yeni sezonda Cnbc-e'de de yay\u005cu0131nlanmaya ba\u005cu015flayacak olan pop\u005cu00fcler dizi Game of Thrones'\u005cu0131n kitab\u005cu0131na geldi s\u005cu0131ra. \u005cu0130lk bask\u005cu0131s\u005cu0131 1996'da yay\u005cu0131nlanan Buz ve Ate\u005cu015fin \u005cu015eark\u005cu0131s\u005cu0131 serisinin ilk kitab\u005cu0131 Taht Oyunlar\u005cu0131'n\u005cu0131 asl\u005cu0131nda Arkabah\u005cu00e7e Yay\u005cu0131nlar\u005cu0131 iki cilt halinde basm\u005cu0131\u005cu015ft\u005cu0131. Ama dizinin yay\u005cu0131nlanmas\u005cu0131ndan sonra do\u005cu011fal olarak seri iyice pop\u005cu00fclerlik kazand\u005cu0131 ve bu kez Epsilon Yay\u005cu0131nlar\u005cu0131 kitab\u005cu0131 yeniden tek cilt olarak ve kapa\u005cu011f\u005cu0131 de\u005cu011fi\u005cu015ftiril...more
p70
aVI enjoyed this so much more than I thought I would. This story was full of intrigue, action and drama it also flowed so well you quickly forgot its thickness - after you got through the first few chapters.  The cast of characters is extensive and this story covers a relatively short period of time but much happens and keeping up with everything that happens to everyone is what keeps the ink flowing.  One of the better things is the characters were complex and not easily defined.  Most had human fra...more
p71
aVI first read this book in college and it completely crashed my conception of what a fantasy novel could be. Martin like many fantasy writers has a fully created world, but what he understands it that characters make the book. His characters are fully created and in almost all cases unique and not cliches. His book are longer, but he does not waste a page (really). He jumps between characters and ahead in time catching the pivotal moments in the lives and history of his world. Martin is extremely...more
p72
aVI read a hundred pages of this book and barely made a dent. It had been highly recommended, multiple times, and I don't like to give up on a book that my friends love, but after a hundred pages, all I had to show for my efforts was foreshadowing of supernatural forces, unnecessary violence and unbelievable hostility, adoption of some wolf pups, awkward children that don't behave their ages, and more foreshadowing. I kept thinking, okay, now the story is going to get going. Okay, now. Maybe the n...more
p73
aVGeorge R.R. Martin is an evil, evil man. I mean this in the best way that I possibly can, because, well, he wrote the best fantasy series ever beginning with this book. But he keeps saying things like "only one more book" or "OK, two more books, but only because that way we can focus on smaller groups of the expandingly huge collection of characters". I know that by book six he'll just write something like "And then, out of nowhere the time machines arrived and killed everyone" and all the fans...more
p74
aVQuit after reading 20%.  I knew I was in trouble when I read the first two sentences:"The morning had dawned clear and cold, with a crispness that hinted at the end of summer. They set forth at daybreak to see a man beheaded, twenty in all, and Bran rode among them, nervous with excitement."The first sentence is flat, boring exposition.  It seems I've read of innumerable mornings described as "clear and cold".  The second sentence is so much stronger, creates so much more anticipation, that any edi...more
p75
aVParti para este livro com grandes expectativas e numa promo\u005cu00e7\u005cu00e3o da Editora, aproveitei e escolhi este livro como a minha oferta.Como sempre, sou muito cautelosa quanto aos livros que todo o mundo apregoa serem o expoente m\u005cu00e1ximo do que quer que seja, e como sou teimosa ^.^ adiei muito - talvez demasiado - o meu mergulho de apneia no mundo de Martin e das suas Cr\u005cu00f3nicas.Devo dizer que adorei! Adorei mesmo o mundo das C\u005cu00f3nicas do Gelo e do Fogo, adorei a profundidade dos personagens, a forma inovadora...more
p76
aVLORD OF THE RINGS IS WRITTEN BY AN ENGLISH WRITER IN THE 40's WHO WAS VERY FOND OF MYTHOLOGY....EVERY KIND OF MYTHOLOGY....GAME OF THRONES IS LORD OF THE RINGS WRITTEN BY AN AMERICAN WRITTER IN THE 90's WHO WAS FOND OF THE BORGIAS.....That's the only way that i can describe it.DO WATCH THE SHOW IT IS FANTASTIC,be very cautious with this monstrous book it is enormous.I've seen the first season so i did skip some parts.... ALL i Can SAy The chARacTERs ARe REALLY WEll DEVELOPED...and the purple pro...more
p77
aVApesar de ler o livro depois de ver a s\u005cu00e9rie, foi como se descobrisse novamente os personagens e os seus enredos \u005cu00e0 medida que virava as p\u005cu00e1ginas. Simplesmente espectacular!Amei os personagens, a hist\u005cu00f3ria e aquele mundo que parece t\u005cu00e3o real. A escrita \u005cu00e9 muito boa e os cap\u005cu00edtulos focados em personagens diferentes fazem com que a curiosidade se mantenha da primeira \u005cu00e0 \u005cu00faltima p\u005cu00e1gina.Recomendo!
p78
aVRejecting the sentiments of formulaic fantasy, in such a bold effort, has worked quite well for A Game of Thrones. Clearly, Martin's accomplishment isn't anything new; his pseudo-historical ideals of court life, political heinousness and betrayal has been portrayed by much older works of fiction, and better too. But that alone isn't close to diminishing the vehemence of A Game of Thrones. The unforgiving, brutal verisimilitude that is presented is both unforgettable and unpredictable, the seemin...more
p79
aVNe mi d\u005cu00fc\u005cu015f\u005cu00fcn\u005cu00fcyorum?? anlat\u005cu0131lmaz,ya\u005cu015fan\u005cu0131r :D Drogo <3
p80
aVAWESOME!!!! 
p81
aVThis was me while reading A Game of Thrones:"Aww, what a cute kid....What'd you do that for?--Aww, wolves, so cute!...NO WAIT STOP WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!--I like him. I hope he lives....Ah. Too bad.--Well, at least I still have you....Fuck this shit."It was really hard to get into this book, because there are so many characters, each with their own history and their own storyline and it was hard to follow. As the story progresses, it gets easier, but I never really loved it. The book could have be...more
p82
aVI had a different review here, from the first time I read it, but I want to put in the non-spoilery one.Martin's writing in this book is wonderful.  Mainly, his character development.  Just so you know this before you read, a LOT of people die.  I mean, a lot (though, let's face it, you probably already knew that.)  And what's worse, you care about so many of the characters.  When they die, you're heartbroken.  And if that were enough, you're then deathly afraid to LIKE characters, because there is a...more
p83
aVI write this review in the desperate hope that George R.R. Martin can finally rise from obscurity and earn the respect and acclaim he deserves. A Song of Ice and Fire is the best fantasy series you\u005cu2019ve never heard of! OK, /sarcasm off. Unless you\u005cu2019ve been living under Casterly Rock for the last 16 years, chances are you\u005cu2019ve heard of Martin\u005cu2019s magnum opus. So I will keep the summarizing short and sweet in this review but I just want to say a few words about this book and the effect it had on me as a...more
p84
aV'A Game of Thrones' tells the stories of numerous people living in the land of Westeros. Each chapter has a different narrator, each of whom are unique and have their own story to tell. The narrators are: Eddard Stark, the most frequent narrator and my favourite by far; Catelyn Stark, Eddard's loving wife; Bran Stark, Eddard and Catelyn's young son who loves climbing and wants to be a knight; Arya Stark, the tomboyish daughter of Eddard and Catelyn; Sansa Stark, another of Eddard and Catelyn's c...more
p85
aVGESCHAFFT! Ich bin wirklich stolz auf mich, hat auch nur eine Woche gedauert ;D Jetzt kann ich guten Gewissens die Serie anschauen.A Game of Thrones ist definitiv ein Buch, f\u005cu00fcr das ich Zeit gebraucht habe. Es hat an die 200 Seiten gedauert bis ich nicht mehr st\u005cu00e4ndig zum Anhang gebl\u005cu00e4ttert habe, um nachzugucken, wer Person X noch mal war und zu welchem Haus sie geh\u005cu00f6rt und mit wem sie verbandelt ist. Aber jetzt f\u005cu00fchle ich mich ganz fit, was die ganzen Familiensituationen und Namen angeht. Obwohl das...more
p86
aVI started watching the HBO series because a friend said it was ok.  I continued watching the HBO series because my need for serialized escapist media I can consume while making dinner is greater than my need for believable dialog.  I watched the last 4 episodes in one night and then rewatched the entire series and then started reading this book because I am just a sucker for political intrigue and swords and hints at unrealized magical awesomeness.  If you are not that kind of sucker, you will prob...more
p87
aVGreat read, I loved it. Good setting, strong characters and very interesting plot - everything I expected, and even more. The imagination of George R. R. Martin is just amazing! I really, really like the world of Seven Kingdoms and all it's intrigues, wars and history. The story is very complex, it takes time to get to know all the characters and places, but once you create the image of everything in your head (and check out the maps and list of families), you fall right into it. Every single ch...more
p88
aVDoes thought of elves and fair maidens traipsing through the forest annoy you?Could you care less about the assembly and arrangement of leagues of Iron Age knights cresting a hilltop with a team of wizards at their side?When you chance upon a character called Cr\u005cu00e8thwri\u005cu00e5n, the Arm\u005cu00ffnthf\u005cu00fcl of the D\u005cu00fcnd'lythian Ryders, do you sigh, audibly curse, or throw up in your mouth a little?Good! Me too! As it turns out, we are not typically fans of the high-fantasy genre. But, this book is so much better than...more
p89
aVAnd there you go; the genre of fantasy is ALIVE!Please do not let the thickness, the confusing plot and the cover deter you from reading the best epic fantasy ever written, it is gold!Before reading experience:Before I started, I could not make up my mind whatever or not I want to enter such a thick, unreasonably magical reading adventure. But three things made me hurry up and read: one, the fact that a whole new TV series was filmed according to the book, as one of the best around the U.S and a...more
p90
aVFrom the beginning, Martin's style of writing hooked me. His ability to write an epic story is apparent from the first paragraph. The book is told from multiple points of view, always in third person limited. The name of each chapter, or section, is the character whose point of view we are reading.Martin does an amazing job with world building in the prologue and first few chapters. The reader is then introduced to a family of lords, which much of the book revolves around. The main plot involves...more
p91
aVI'm going to put this one on hold for a while and probably finish it once the TV series starts. So I'm not going to give it a rating just yet.It's not that the book is bad, by all means, it's just really not my kind of story (the whole overused medieval english setting). I still wanted to give it a try since it had so much praise and the series is coming out soon. I just found it very slow moving and lacking in tone. I hate soap operas for the same reason. This was very similar. The story itself...more
p92
aV"A Game of Thrones" is a deep, broad and compelling work of medieval-style fantasy. I'm not a reader of much fantasy, but after watching a preview of the new HBO series (starting in April 2011), I found myself drawn in by the mystique, texture and composition of the story.The twisting and extensive story is equal parts medieval historical fiction and fantasy. The book is long at over 700 pages, many taken up with well-crafted character development and exposition. The scenery, outfits, and activi...more
p93
aVWhile reading this book (read at a supposed 5 chapters per week, but in reality was a lot more erratic than that) I was annoyed with it most of the time. The fact that I could still rate it four stars at the end was a surprise to me too!I really loathe the prevailing darkness, despair and death that hang over this novel. I often pointed out in discussions that someone (I threatened to do it myself) should read the novel and make a list of all the people that are killed, slaughtered, tortured, an...more
p94
aVThis book is aptly named.  "A Games of Thrones" is a political drama with a soap opera flow.  As with most fantasy, there is great tradegy, warfare, backstabbing, innocence lost, an endless list of characters, and heros made.  What I found unique about this book is that I did not actually like any character as a person but I quickly became invested in their welfare.  I cared about what happened to them even through a part of me cheered because everyone seemed to get what they deserved in the end.  I...more
p95
aVWhen you start reading this book is like a closer look at a painting of the Pointillist period, to the naked eye, you can only see the brush strokes in the form of little points, an episode of a character suspended in time and apparently without a context nor introduction; It is until you start to read the following chapters, each titled with the name of his narrator and from their perspective... you start taking steps backward, and looking at the whole picture, the points vanish and become an i...more
p96
aVTo begin with, a poorly-devised haiku review: Martin's driving plot:Guilt and pleasure wrapped as one.Like condom-less sex.________________I'll hand this to George R.R. Martin: he writes a story that's as compulsively readable as Twilight. Really the only differences between the two are: 1) Martin's writing is better than an eighth grader's (unlike Stephenie Meyer's) and 2) Meyer knows how to end a book (unlike George R.R. Martin). Oh, well, that and the plot of course.Martin's writing is crisp...more
p97
aVThis book was all about trade-offs.  On the one hand, Martin introduces a fair amount of complex political intrigue and (what seemed like) realism in his world building gave it just enough grit to appear different then the standard epic (low) fantasy I had grown used to.  In fact, some time later I read that Martin was quite pleased with the fact that just because a character was a 'good' guy, doesn't mean he will survive the story ... the only problem was that it really was difficult to find them...more
p98
aVThe book is the first in a series -- A Song of Ice and Fire. It is hard fantasy, and follows characters who are all members of several noble houses, as they vie for the Iron Throne. The story takes place in a fantastical world (think: dragons and zombies) after the overthrow of the Targaryen family. The two surviving children live in exile, while in the homeland they never knew, the remaining houses use intrigue, appointments, marriages, and murders to control the throne.People who are well-vers...more
p99
aVThe first book in an amazing series. A Song of Ice and Fire is simply the best series of books I have ever read. The only downside to the books are that the author isn't done with the series yet. A Game of Thrones is one of those books that leaves me feeling slightly breathless and totally unwilling to put it down once I picked it up. If you are at all a fan of the fantasy genre, you need to read this series. If you aren't a big fan of the fantasy genre, I would still recommend it as an excellen...more
p100
aVA clerk at the local Borders recommended this series to me. I bought the first book but it languished on my shelf for a while before I saw a colleague reading the second book. I talked to her about it (the series had been recommended to her by another person in our building) and she gave me such an intriguing synopsis that I started to read A Game of Thrones the next day. I haven't regretted that decision at all. This is perhaps one of the few series (and I'm only partly through the third book b...more
p101
aVI love long, epic books in which I can become enveloped, but even my favorite ridiculously lengthy books took me awhile to get through. I read this 800 page monster in exactly three weeks (and that was with a lot of other things happening to divide my attention). That clearly says a lot. I was tempted to go with four stars because this doesn't really END, since it's the beginning of a larger story, but I decided to go with how ridiculously riveted I was and go for five.I had heard a lot of ravin...more
p102
aVThis book was pure perfection. This is truly a wonderful story that captivated me from beginning to end. The storytelling, the complex characters, the action--it all worked. I could find no flaw. A Game of Thrones has everything you could need to craft a great story: imperfect characters that bounce between loyalty, betrayal, love, hate, craziness, and wisdom; magic, dragons, and new worlds; action, war, and mystery; and even some romance coupled with loss and longing. There is a lot of informat...more
p103
aVHoly smokes\u005cu2026 This was knock-your-socks-off amazing! One of the very best fantasy books I\u005cu2019ve ever read. I hesitate to say it\u005cu2019s better than The Lord of the Rings series because that story is near and dear to my heart. But I will say that as far as authors and writing goes, I\u005cu2019d rather read Martin over Tolkien any day of the week. The guy is one hell of a gifted storyteller and I\u005cu2019m filled with some serious Martin-worship at the moment. I can\u005cu2019t sing his praises enough. And here I thought I might want...more
p104
aVPulpy fantasy fun.  It is a pretty quick read despite its girth.  The characters are fairly complex, there are a couple fun twists and turns in the plot, and it delivers the typical goodies that a fantasy novel delivers.  However, it is also not a formulaic Good V. Evil type book, there is lots of grey and the good guys do not always win.  My only problem with this book and the ones that come after is that I don't like the narrative style.  The story is told through about 8 different people each gett...more
p105
aVwow. i am NOT a fantasy person... didn't get into any of that wizards/kings/dragons/magicks etc... stuff, at any time in my life.there's a lot about wenches and Lords, incest and piercing blue eyes, whores and mead and gluttonous men... lots of the cliches that make me avoid fantasy in the first place.But this book is amazing. totally absorbing. excellent pacing and plot lines. everything kinda sucks and all the characters are complicated and tormented and conflicted, or filled with foreshadow-y...more
p106
aVAs soon as I finished reading this book, I went online and ordered the next in the series, even though I was so tired I could barely focus on my computer screen.  At times the book dragged when the story was told from the point of view of a character I couldn't get behind (Sansa and Catalyn), then the point of view would change, and I was back on track.   It was so action packed that it almost had a soap opera feel:  The Lives of Our Future Kings and Queens would have been a good title, but it worke...more
p107
aVI want to like this series. The setting, history, plot and the characters are interesting.Unfortunately, I can't help but find the author's writing style annoying. His descriptions are repetitive, the characters lack depth and his foreshadowing is obvious.Additionally, the sex scenes tend to be similar to one another and vulgar. I understand the need to include this sort of material in the story, but I felt that his handling of the subject matter lacks maturity.
p108
aVWhile this book could be very overwhelming at times, it was fantastic. I really loved reading through the perspectives of so many different characters, and especially how many of them were children and teenagers. Of course, I'm sure SOMEBODY will be interested in hearing who my favorite characters were, so here we go: Jon Snow, Bran and Arya Stark, and Daenarys Targaryen of course (how can you not love her?). I sort of have a love/hate relationship with Petyr Baelish (Littlefinger), because I th...more
p109
aVA good story that takes a bit of time to get into.  There are alot of characters and family trees that are hard to keep track of and I didn't know about the appendix until I finished the last page (that would've helped).  It wasn't what I thought it would be, yet I was sucked in.. going on to Book #2 which has a banner on it saying 'The Best Fantasy Novel Of the Year'... that's lofty... but I'm taking the plunge.  
p110
aV*Trumpet fanfares* *Bells ring* and we all kneel in the streets in praise of the epic which George RR Martin saw fit to create. I'm not someone who normally goes in for the whole Dungeons and Dragons, knights on horseback, made up lands and fairy tale places kind of gubbins. I'm not trying to do down the wonders of fantasy as a genre, style or art of writing, simply saying that aside from an offside foray to read The Lord of the Rings Trilogy and a lot of Terry Pratchett I've never really had mu...more
p111
aVI'm glad I watched the HBO show before reading this book, actually. Martin describes some things very well, but I'm not sure the characters would have been as vivid or this reader so invested had I not had a primer before attacking this huge book. Things I loved: the mysticism, the willful women (and being exasperated at the weak ones), the stubborn struggle between legal and moral and what codes and honor really mean, and most of the main characters. I care about what's happening on the Wall, i...more
p112
aVWow what an amazing book this was!  I really enjoyed every aspect of the story and the magnificent world that George RR Martin has created.  Not to mention that I still have 4 more books to read in the series, I think I am going to wait a little  while before starting bk 2! 
p113
aVWhat an amazing EPIC novel. I can't wait until the next book A Clash of Kings If it is even nearly as good as A Game of Thrones it would still be a five star book. I am glad I finally got around to it!
p114
aVFascinating story every time I read it...Every time I read anything related to A Song of Ice and Fire I wonder how can I read anything unrelated again...
p115
aVWell, I made it to page 482.  I can't finish it.  I. Just. Can't.  Not my bag at all, baby.I might still check out the TV show, though.  Maybe.
p116
aVI'm so happy that I finally got around to reading "A Game of Thrones" because I've been meaning to for the longest time. Although it is colossal (and seemed quite daunting sitting on my bookshelf) it is one of the most imaginative, beautifully written books I have ever read. George R. R. Martin's writing style is both lyrical and incredibly powerful. The characters in this book were wonderfully crafted and thoroughly developed. It is so easy to lose yourself in the pages of this book and be tran...more
p117
aVFinalmente, ap\u005cu00f3s tanto tempo de resist\u005cu00eancia , l\u005cu00e1 cedi a come\u005cu00e7ar a ler esta s\u005cu00e9rie. Uma coisa \u005cu00e9 certa e disse-o a v\u005cu00e1rias pessoas que me viram ler este livro: a s\u005cu00e9rie de George R.R. Martin \u005cu00e9 daquelas s\u005cu00e9ries das quais s\u005cu00f3 vejo opini\u005cu00f5es positivas (nomeadamente em blogs que falam de livros). Pode haver s\u005cu00e9ries cujas opini\u005cu00f5es podem ser muito contrastante, mas se h\u005cu00e1 s\u005cu00e9rie em que vejo s\u005cu00f3 opini\u005cu00f5es positivas \u005cu00e9 esta. No entanto, resistia a l\u005cu00ea-la... entre os motivos para isso era saber que era uma hist\u005cu00f3ria de...more
p118
aVIt is impossible for me to judge this book without seeing it through the prism of the HBO series; I hadn't read any of the books before I became a fan of the show.If you do watch and love the show, this book is great.  It gives you a deeper look into many of the characters, and gives you a chance to pick favorites.  I was pretty neutral on Jon Snow until reading; now, I'm rooting for him.  Tyrion is as great here as he is portrayed by Peter Dinklage, but the book shows even more of the emotional pa...more
p119
aVI'm giving it five stars. I love the book and will continue on with the series. I was scared at first, I thought I wont like it. I don't read thick books with little fonts, but thank God for Game of Thrones, I learned to love it. It's a long and enjoyable book.Amazing writing from GRRM. The story itself captured me and the characters. The story, yeah, maybe some people think it's the usual high fantasy story but the amount of mysteries in it made me want to read further. And the characters, all...more
p120
aVRe-reading A Game of Thrones is like reading I, Claudius with some The Borgias thrown in.  That's what I've always liked about the book.  Yes, there's magic too, but it never quite feels otherworldly to the point of redundancy.  I read this years ago and decided after watching the awesome HBO series (OMG Sean Bean *squee*) to revisit Westros and its seven kingdoms.I still loathe Sansa Stark.  I don't care if she's a girl, where were her balls to stand with family rather than some crazy young boy she...more
p121
aVMan. Game of Thrones would always remain special to me. It was my first introduction into the world of epic fantasy. I had just finished a very lady like (but intelligent) book when I put my hands on this one. And WHAM! I was struck full force in the face with the sheer brutality, violence, other unmentionables of the world created by GRIM! I meant GRRM. The voice in my head stammered while I stumbled through the pages muttering - no, no, please, I beg mercy, I yield!! But there is no yielding!!...more
p122
aVWow. All I can say about this series is I am completely disappointed. This was horrible! I've read a lot of fantasy and scifi, I read about one book every 2 weeks to give you an idea. This is one of the worse series I have read. Everyone I have talked to, raves about this series, which leads me to think that they do not know what good writing should be. I started out hopeful, and was waiting to find that moment where you become entranced in the story, where you find characters you love or love t...more
p123
aVThis is like the Fat Elvis of books, all bloated and overwrought and somehow lacking the hip-shaking Young Elvisness of Young Elvis.Bear with me.  We've got the sincerity and the really truly being so damn aware of social injustice of "In the Ghetto."  Or, we've got Jon on the Wall thinking, well, sure, it's society's fault that I'm here but I will rise above . . . or will I?  We've got the morality of "If I Can Dream."  Or we've got poor, personality-free Ned who is just too damn good for his own g...more
p124
aV This review is also available on Kat and Stephanie's wonderful Cuddlebuggery book blog.Wow.  Where to begin?George R. R. Martin\u005cu2019s sprawling epic of a series has been around for years, but only recently, with the release of HBO\u005cu2019s enormously successful television adaptation, has it managed to achieve the kind of popularity that it enjoys today.  Consequently, I had never heard of A Game of Thrones until the promotional storm for the small-screen reworking hit the web, and I became unable to access...more
p125
aVWOW!  What to say, this really is just a great story, one that you can sink right into.  As the cover suggests it grabs hold and does not let go!   Almost from the beginning I became invested in this grand masterpiece of modern fantasy and in all the many people that populate it's pages.   Early on... this feeling came over me, that I was about to be swept away into a long, magical and wondrous adventure that would take me deep into the histories of these people, exploring their lands;  their pain and...more
p126
aVWhat can I say about this book that hasn't already been said?  Probably nothing.  But I'll attempt a review.  It is the first in a series of epic high fantasy novels and this book in itself is a tome.  There are at least three central storylines and countless characters to follow through this web of swords and sorcery.  The main points of the novel are centered around the Starks of Winterfell and their tanglings with the House Lannister and Kingdom of Baratheon, the Night Watchmen in Black on The Wal...more
p127
aVOh, Game of Thrones. This book makes me feel deeply conflicted. (Of course, I'm about halfway through the 2nd book, so that should tell you something right off.)First, what I like: I do like a sprawling storyline where the threads weave in and out of each other, and this series clearly accomplishes this sense of scope. Martin's ensemble cast is huge, and my husband (who adores the series and is currently devouring book 5) tells me that it only gets bigger and more complex as the stories unfold....more
p128
aVHigh fantasy? Yeah right. More like high drama! I kept thinking this was like Thanksgiving with my mom's side of the family -- constant bickering, gossip, and ancient grudges that are hard to keep straight.Peasants? Screw that, I need about 10,000 people to risk their lives to settle my petty differences (at least petty to whatever population I'm supposed to be ruling) with this other royal family I can't stand. Who's with me? Hope you don't need me to govern anything. Good luck with that whole...more
p129
aVYay! Finished. 807 pages, with maps and family trees...I did it! The more I think about this book, the more intrigued I am about what Martin has accomplished here...a huge tale of a world with thousands of years of history...ancient enemies and alliances. Sweeping conflicts, and small domestic scenes. Not seeing much fantasy yet...except for the creatures, and the Others, whom I've not met. But what I'm coming back to with my final impressions are the women. Catelyn, Dany,Arya and her sister San...more
p130
aVI do not typically read fantasy, but this book came so highly recommended and the HBO Series is a hit, so I thought that I would give it a chance. Wow. Loved it. This book is far too epic to go into detail. There are so many characters and so much happening, that this book really demands to be read as quickly as possible, ie- don't set it down for a month and try to pick up where you left off! The book alternated between being a good drama, a heavy fantasy and is even a bit of a soap opera. It n...more
p131
aVYes I bowed to HBO pressure on this one.  The first episode was extremely tantalising in the usual HBO fan fair, sex, violence and boobs.  The novel reminded me of a four sided chess board (there are probably more families but after awhile I lost track) each piece moving forward, sideways, sacrificing pieces to all get to the king.  On my chess board the king is sitting on a throne in the centre of the board.  All sides trying to checkmate the same king.  Thus Game of Thrones.   Reading this was a litt...more
p132
aVI decided to read this book because of HBO series. I am not a fantasy reader but I liked it!The plot kept me guessing till the end. Usually I don't like multiple POVs. But it didn't bother me in this book. Characters are so rich and it was good to see their points. Every character has flaws, no one is completely bad or good. It makes characters real. And I liked the way the author shows that the good guys are not always wining. The only thing made me dissapoint by this book is I've waited for so...more
p133
aVI just finished Game of Thrones, the first volume in the Song of Fire and Ice saga and am amazed. Any epic saga of this sort risks critical comparisons to the Lord of the Rings Trilogy but this one compares favorably. I've always felt that on some levels LOTR was a lament for the War in Europe and the ending of an old way of life in the aftermath. Conversely, this novel seems to set up a post-Watergate post-Viet Nam fantasy that is very different and very forward looking, although it cannot help...more
p134
aVI'm torn between 4 and 5 stars. On the one hand, characters, story and writing are mostly superb. Nothing drags or bores. Interesting and visual scenes throughout. Unpredictable in a good way. Truly engrossing entertainment, and fodder for discussion as high fantasy should be. The best reason why I could consider this a 5 star read is that I plan to read the next book in the series, and I generally avoid serial novels due to often ending up dissatisfied and disgruntled. So, what not 5 stars? A c...more
p135
aV May 7, 2011 -I give up. I cannot bear to go through another page with the word "bastard" being thrown in my face about twenty times. I can't bring myself to care for this book. July 23, 2011 -Due to the numerous recommendations and the many, MANY gushings about this "amazing" book, I'm picking it up again, against my better judgement. Hope I won't regret it. July 30, 2011 -Finally, after seven whole days, I'm done. I will only add what others have already said about the book - that it will fasc...more
p136
aVSo, I actually watched the Game of Thrones TV series before I read A Game of Thrones, and I really, really enjoyed it. A medieval world with just a touch of high fantasy? Totally there. Reading A Game of Thrones was kind of like re-watching the series, though, and while that's a REALLY good thing, I do have to admit it kind of lost a bit of the luster for me. I knew what was going to happen, so there was no 'surprise!' for me, but at the same time I could see the set-up Martin was writing, so it...more
p137
aVAlright so I plan on making this short, sweet and to the point.This book was truly amazing and I loved it. The only problem I had was the fact that by the time I read the first book I had already seen the first season of the show. Because the show was damn near identical to the book when I actually read the story I already knew what was going to happen so I felt like I ruined it for myself. I will not be making that mistake with the second book A Clash of Kings. I'll definitely be reading it bef...more
p138
aVThe first time i tried to read this book i gave up. I made it about 200 pages in, and every page was a struggle.The universe that Martin creates is extremely unpleasant, and unfantastical.There seems to be sadists lurking around every corner, and good things never happends to good people.No one is safe, the kids gets crippled, the women gets raped, and even trusting puppies get slaughtered..Fantasy have been my favourite genre for some time, i find it comforting.. i think its called escapism..I...more
p139
aVH\u005cu00e1 muito que ouvia falar da saga e do autor, em Dezembro de 08 ofereci a mim pr\u005cu00f3pria os dois primeiros volumes numa promo\u005cu00e7\u005cu00e3o na loja Bertrand e que ainda existe nalgumas livrarias, recentemente vi na fnac, em que os dois volumes apenas custam 19.99.Desde Dezembro que estavam guardados na Estante, \u005cu00e0 espera de uma oportunidade para serem lidos. Nesta \u005cu00faltima semana decidi come\u005cu00e7ar o primeiro livro.Quando lemos a sinopse, temos a sensa\u005cu00e7\u005cu00e3o que \u005cu00e9 mais um romance hist\u005cu00f3rico do que fantasia, talvez n\u005cu00e3o ex...more
p140
aVWhile technically classified as a fantasy series, I would push for a classification of a form of historical fantasy.  The world that the story takes place in is fictional and there are some supernatural elements \u005cu2013 but the lifestyle is very much like that of medieval Europe.  There are kings and queens, castles, tourneys, and wars, politics and intrigue.  This book (and the rest of the series) would fit right in for a historical fiction reader.  While reading you almost forget that this does not take...more
p141
aVThis is not Epic Fantasy, but it is truly an epic opening to a great series. With the HBO series and Dance with Dragons hopefully coming out this summer (Amazon has my order since 2005), I decided to make my way through the books.The opening of this multiple viewpoint choral tale draws you in, and the people and their interactions are familiar enough that you quickly follow the threads being woven in. You also realize this is a long haul trip, and Martin makes the gamble of allowing things to ad...more
p142
aVBecause the genre of fantasy doesn't appeal to me in general (unlike sci-fi, which very much does), I had for years ignored the pleas of some of my closest friends and family members that I for god's sake read George R.R. Martin's Song of Ice and Fire series. Indeed, my dad swore by these books, my brother oozed over them with gloopy praise, and my great bud Jay even bought me a copy of volume one, A Game of Thrones, for my birthday. That was four years ago come this January, and I finally got a...more
p143
aVA Game of Thrones is high, high fantasy: swords, dragons, ye olde nine yardes.  And I have to confess - fantasy geek that I am - that I was a little exhausted by the genre when I started this one.  A good number of fantasy novels have never really left Europe ca. 1200 A.D. and their entire tone reflects this medieval inspiration.  When done poorly this can include many aspects that seem pretty odd from a 20th century perspective, including: (1) the constant fetish with bloodlines and lineages, (2)...more
p144
aVThis was a weird book.  It's the first volume in an epic adventure, and it really does feel like that - a lot of setup, getting to know characters, laying the background of all the families.  I liked the changing pov - every time it happened I would get annoyed because inevitably he would leave you in the lurch with one character, but by at least the middle of the [huge] book, you were just as happy to catch up with the character in the next chapter.  I have mixed feelings about the sexualized viol...more
p145
aVEpic fantasy on an epic scale.  I haven't read a book as long as this one was (800 pages) that was so gripping since I read Lord of the Rings the first time when I was in high school.  Martin deserves to stand up there with the greats.To summarize the book, he writes chapters based on a few main characters.  The book is the struggle between the great families of the Seven Kingdoms.  The biggest players are the Starks, Lannisters, Baratheons, and Targaryens.  The king is Robert of House Baratheon and...more
p146
aVI wanted to give this 3.5 stars instead of 4, but alas, either goodreads doesn't allow such fine distinction (or such indecisive splitting of hairs), or I am too much of a goodreads newbie.This fantasy offering from George RR Martin was a pretty solid book, both in terms of its 800+ pages of prose as well as its characters, plot, and development. Though it has a slow start, which I dutifully plowed through on the strength of a friend's recommendation, it does gather momentum, and soon becomes a...more
p147
aVThis is reviewing all of the currently available books for A Song of Ice and FireJust one major note: there really are no heroes in these books.   There are good guys, there are bad guys, but there are mostly a bunch of just ... people. They have motivations beyond their prototypes.  And because of this, no one has a 'hero shield'. People die all the time, espicially in middle ages/high fantasy books. and these books are no exception. And since everyone is "people", everyone has a high chance of dy...more
p148
aVAhh, just when Robert Jordan's Wheel of Time series had lost its way, along comes this guy. He too has crafted a large world and story, if not so large as Jordan's, but it's grittier. The compelling thing about these books that jumps out fairly early on is that the author kills good guys! It's unexpected each time - - you're like OHHH! - but after a while you try not to get too attached to the good guy du jour because you know his odds can't be good. I love these books. Like Jordan's they mix wa...more
p149
aVSimply put, the entire Song of Ice and Fire series is my favorite (topping even my beloved Gaiman).  I fell in love with the series and I obsess about it in the way that some people obsess about Tolkein or Harry Potter.In my mind, it's the best epic fantasy since Tolkein. Like Tolkein, Martin creates a real world with an extensive history filled with its own languages and cultures and songs. Tolkein's world is high fantasy with elves and magic and even the main characters aren't human.  Martin's w...more
p150
aVLa historia comienza en un reino llamado Invernalia, situado al norte de un mundo en el que el invierno y el verano no duran meses, sino a\u005cu00f1os. El se\u005cu00f1or de Invernalia, Eddard Stark, se encuentra a punto de volver a ver, por primera vez en a\u005cu00f1os, a su antiguo amigo Robert Baratheon, ahora rey de los Siete Reinos, que acude de improviso a su castillo para hacerle una proposici\u005cu00f3n pol\u005cu00edtica. Esta visita inesperada conllevar\u005cu00e1 una serie de cambios considerables en la vida de Eddard, su mujer, y sus seis...more
p151
aVI started rereading this book to follow along as I watched HBO's miniseries (which, by the way, was impressively close to the book). Rereading the book itself was no less rewarding. In rereading it, I was much more conscious of the book's reputation, in a way I wasn't the first few times I read it. Martin is not as strikingly original as some of his proponents enthusiastically (and persistently) claim. Rather, he does an excellent job using the existing structure, tropes, and cliches and twistin...more
p152
aVThis was recommended to me by a friend of mine, and I appreciate it (thanks, Margo!) I\u005cu2019ve very picky about the fantasy I read, and this fell smack dab in my range of acceptability.This was a slow read for me, but that was more because of its length and the start of football season than the story itself. It\u005cu2019s different than others I\u005cu2019ve read, because you get the point of view of several different characters. In fact, each chapter has a different narrator. The only downside to this is that you don\u005cu2019...more
p153
aVA Game of Thrones is a great book for people who do not typically enjoy fantasy novels. I first found-out about it in 2005, but only got around to reading it in 2010, because I find most fantasy rather boring. I wish I hadn't waited, because it was the first book in years to grab me like that, slowly getting better until, on page 300 or so, it took over my life and ceased all productivity until I finished it. It was a little too dark for me to immediately jump to the sequel, but I did later and...more
p154
aVI generally do not read fantasy but I was drawn to the HBO series and watched it from start to finish.  As Season 2 of the series approaches, I have a strong desire to read the second book prior to watching the season.  I debated whether to read the first book, A Game of Thrones, before venturing into the second book.  Being a purist at heart, I had to and I'm happy I did.  My mind's eye, however, was forever set by the characters cast for the series and there was nothing I could do about it.  The Ce...more
p155
aVWhat on earth?? Oh my gosh, I heard in about this book in a group and decided to begin reading it. I DIDN'T KNOW IT WAS GOING TO BE THIS GOOD!!! I hope to watch the TV series then!!!!!!!!My favorite character is Jon so far. Poor him! Everybody treated him like a piece of trash just because his' Dad did a mistake. Even if the Dad changed from his' ways after he had Jon, Jon suffered the consequences.And I also think that you have to be a mature reader to read this. I don't think it's bad at all,...more
p156
aVOkay, I admit, it was truly hard to get through and I wasn't loving it in the beginning. That changed fast. It's fascinating to read a book placed in such a dark, dangerous and foreboding world and have a majority of the tale be told from viewpoints of children. Arya, Sansa, Jon, Robb, Bran, Daenerys. The oldest is fifteen and he ends up  the figurehead for a war. And Dany is just straight up badass. Easily one of my new favorite female fictional characters.I'm not watching season two of the show...more
p157
aVI think I finally found a boundary of things I just CAN'T take seriously when reading a book. I used to think I wasn't a fantasy fan...now I'm a HUGE fantasy reader. That being said, I've pushed myself lately to go deeper into the genre and have been reading more and more stuff my friends and family would roll their eyes at and make endless fun of.I got through this book pretty quickly, the story was pretty engaging from the beginning and I had a few favorites picked out early on. It was the ver...more
p158
aVI was always told that this series was one of those that every fantasy reader MUST have under their wing.  Unfortunately, I have a stubborn streak and when told that I MUST read something, I balk.  There's a ton of great fantasy out there, I thought, so I don't need to read it to be part of the group.  Well, I was wrong.  It is perhaps one of the greatest series ever written.  I admit it.Amazing characters, vicious battle sequences, unexpected plot twists, and an author who gleefully kills off whiche...more
p159
aVThis was a long book, but worth it.  The book does have a lot of characters which was kind of confusing, especially in the beginning. I was still able to keep up even though some of the names are very unusual and I wasn't even sure how to pronounce them, lol.  Just because a character is a "good guy" doesn't mean bad things aren't going to happen to them in this book....there were a few times when I thought I might throw my nook, which is never a good idea!  The ending was a little strange...we'll...more
p160
aVit was okay.  since I hopped this bandwagon late in the game, I already know that by the time I get to book 5 and will likely have to wait years on the next installment and still not be satisfied with what little info is given on what lies North of the Wall, the Others, etc.  I think that's a downer, but anyhoo, this is a pretty good book.  my reviews are lame.  I know.  k, bye.6/18/12  I'm adding a note here.  By itself, book 1 is pretty good, but it's not until you read the series (at least, to date)...more
p161
aVI was given this book many years ago, and instantly Martin became one of my favorite authors. I tend to like more complex books and the longer the book the better.  Storytelling, just blew me a way and I read all of his books availabe non stop.  I have not read his last book mostly due to the fact that it took so long for him to put out his last book and the last book was only half of the story. I will wait for him to finish the series, and then read the last one.  I highly recommend for anyone tha...more
p162
aVASOIAF readers, and now my watch begins. It shall not end until A Dream of Spring is released. I shall read no spoilers, hold no emotional attachment to the characters , father no stupid fanfiction. I shall live and die waiting for the ending. I will root for the reborn Azor Ahai. I will fight along the watchers on the walls. I will fly with the dragons, always pay my debts, dream about the wolves, sit on the Iron Throne. I pledge my life and honor to the ASOIAF series, for this night and all th...more
p163
aVMy two favorite book series are Lord of the Rings and the Wheel of Time, so you can say that I love epic fantasy.   I really wanted to like GRRM's "A Song of Ice and Fire" series, because I had friends that raved about it, and I was looking forward to immersing myself in a new fantasy world.  However, reading "A Game of Thrones" was like steeping myself in a pool of tepid filth.  Jabba the Hutt's used bathwater springs to mind.  I felt like I was reading the sick fantasies of a dirty old man who's wr...more
p164
aVMy stand-point - First off I have to say that I watched the Game of Thrones t.v. series first and read the book only because Season 2 ended and my frantic Googling told me that season 3 is gonna be out next year. How does this matter? Because, me liking the show makes me positively prejudiced towards the book and so I (or anybody else who cares) won't really know if I'd have loved the book as much as I did - if I hadn't watched the show first.So, how was it? I'm a picky reader that gets bored re...more
p165
aVQue menos que cuatro estrellas para una novela que me ha mantenido dos d\u005cu00edas y dos noches en vilo, desesperada por avanzar una p\u005cu00e1gina, para saber como iba evolucionando la historia, la batalla\u005cu2026 la guerra.Si tuviese que destacar algo de la novela, ser\u005cu00eda la forma en la que est\u005cu00e1 narrada. Cada cap\u005cu00edtulo es contado por uno de los personajes protagonistas, as\u005cu00ed que tendremos varias versiones de una misma batalla. No hay malos, ni buenos, todos tienen sus intereses, y desde el punto de vista de cada cu\u005cu00e1l,...more
p166
aVI confess it was this last scene that had me picking up this book Dany standing naked with those baby dragons wrapping themselves around her and all those people who were so different from her in appearance, bowing before her like it was the second coming?! Well, what did you expect me to do? I simply had to know what was going to happen. Having seen the series, I WAS tempted to jump straight into CLASH OF KINGS. But I  read GAME OF THRONES instead. No, I blazed through it. I have the series to t...more
p167
aVSo there\u005cu2019s this family that have this thing with dragons.   The dragons do what they tell them; the dragons are big and flame-y; the dragon family become the kings.  Until the dragons stop being born.  Turns out that whatever it is that dragons like doesn\u005cu2019t necessarily translate effective and/or beloved chief executive-ness.   As the memories of dragons fade, the nobles of the land rise up against the powers that be and put one of their own on the throne.  Put another way, a bunch of sociopaths depose...more
p168
aVRating: Maybe 3.7  A weak 3.5Most of my goodreads friends loved it.Again, I'm one of the minority I guess.Review much later..My mind is kinda busy processing after all the actions.SO, I'm awake. Recharged and refreshed.And I am staring at my screen.Where to start? Hmmm.....A Game of Thrones. "When you play the game of thrones, you win or you die. There is no middle ground." It's a fantasy book. Anything can happen!I had watched the first few episodes of "Game of Thrones" on HBO and decided that I...more
p169
aVGrand in scale and filled with rich fantasy detail, A Game of Thrones boasts lots of world-building, but not enough story to warrant its extravagant length.Thrones is a book so long that it makes J.K. Rowling and Stephen King step back and say, \u005cu201cdude, did you not think about cutting some of the fat?\u005cu201dPart of the problem is the sprawling cast of characters, each of whom has their own lengthy backstory (some of which are, predictably, more interesting than others). Some of George R.R. Martin's char...more
p170
aVFINALLY finished this book today!!!! I'm sure my best friend will be celebrating. First of all, I'll warn anyone that intends to watch the movie first to pleaseeee refrain from doing so until he/she finishes the sequel. (Thank me later)Set in the medieval, captivating and too exciting. Incest, war, arranged marriages, young kings and sneaky lords. Witty dwarfs and smart tomboys. You find yourself falling in love with more than one character. The all so popular Lord Tyrion and Arya are my top fav...more
p171
aVI don't usually have the attention span or time anymore for BIG books, but I got started watching the series and whoo-boy. It's addictive. I have to keep the map and cast of characters in front of me, to keep them straight, but it's worth it. So far, I'm enjoying the book at least as much as the TV version and of course, I get all that wonderful contextual material that doesn't translate to film. We'll see if I can hang in there to the end.
p172
aVRe-reading this as the HBO series plays out. Jon Snow is much cooler in the books, the dire wolves are bigger, and lots more background that a TV series can't hope to include. Lots more background as well, as Martin turns standard fantasy tropes around. 
p173
aV"A Game of Thrones" when I first saw this book on the NY bestsellers list it invoked my interest. The title itself arouses your curiosity and gives you a faint idea that the book is about politics. Let's face it when there are thrones in the title there are bound to be empires and battles in the book. Books such as Lord of the Rings have never held its appeal for me and people deeming it the next Lord of the Rings was enough to help me get rid of my curiosity. Then the TV series was aired and I...more
p174
aVReading George R.R. Martin's "Game of Thrones" after watching the HBO production is a fascinating experience. My appreciation for the film adaptation grew as I realized that-- in nearly all particulars --nothing of importance was omitted in the transition from text to screen. While I can now understand the place of importance this story holds among many of my friends, I can now attest that the film adaptation is so true to the book (and-- dare I say it-- improves upon it in several aspects) that...more
p175
aVThe first and best of the series, not to be missed..\u005cu201cThey say it grows so cold up here in winter that a man\u005cu2019s laughter freezes in his throat and chokes him to death,\u005cu201d Ned said evenly. \u005cu201cPerhaps that is why the Starks have so little humor.\u005cu201d 
p176
aVI'm ambivalent about A Game of Thrones.On the one hand, Martin is a master of the potboiler. He introduces conflicts, gives them compelling stakes and sympathetic characters, and dances effortlessly from one plotline to the other.Martin is an avowed student of history, and in fact admits he rarely reads fantasy. And yet, this is a strength here. His conception of a fantastical pseudo-England of the 15th century is both lurid and believable. The castles, tournaments, villains, squalor, and landsc...more
p177
aVFor the record, this is a review of the series, not the book.  I so desperately want to give the series a Five Star rating, but the last book I read, Feast of Crows, just killed it for me.  (Thankfully the friend that led me to this website Russ Neff, clued me in on the global disappointment and reasons why it felt like I was missing something).  I can't think of another series that I rushed to buy the next book, or one that I researched the author so thoroughly.  I admit that I rejoined HBO just fo...more
p178
aVImpecable a la hora de crear todo un universo, una mitolog\u005cu00eda, unos personajes y unos ambientes a trav\u005cu00e9s de di\u005cu00e1logos y peque\u005cu00f1as acciones que van formando un entramado en el que te ves atrapado desde el primer momento. Narrativa muy visual con un uso muy inteligente del punto de vista. El tramo final es tan trepidante que intentar resistirse a comenzar el segundo es complicado.
p179
aVOh, be still my nerdy heart!I remember receiving a recommendation for this book back in 2006 in my first job out of library school.  A vendor was visiting and when we got to talking books, she started praising this series with a crazy gleam in her eyes.  I was moved enough to pick it up from my local library (the college I worked for did not have it) but quickly returned it when I realized that I wasn't going to get to it with the enormous pile I had already accumulated (the only sucky part of wor...more
p180
aVI need a rest. I'm exhausted. But I am so glad I read this book because Game of Thrones is one hell of a story. George Martin is something else. When people say this book will do things you don't expect, they're right. It wasn't an uncommon thing for me to read a chapter and sit there blinking. Regardless of how frustratingly questionable his decisions may have been at times, I trust him. I follow him blindly because the pleasure I get from reading his story surpasses any pain I might have to su...more
p181
aVI really liked this book. I haven't read a lot of fantasy books, so maybe this is more of the same, but to me it is really good. I like how every character is real, not all good or all bad, but human. They all look out for their interest, because it is a game of thrones. And they all want something (power, money, etc.). So, even if there aren't any "good guys", you still find yourself liking some characters, and rooting for them.I also liked how its like every person in this books is "alone". An...more
p182
aVThis book completely surprised me as I normally despise this crap. Jordan started good but bored me after a few books and Goodkind is just an utter failure at life. However, Martin drew me in with great characters and great story telling. I love that he was able to surprise me and keep me guessing until the last page. I'm hooked.
p183
aVBeautifully written and chock full of deep, complex characters to love and watch suffer, this book is exactly what everyone told me it would be.  It is both very good, and slightly difficult to connect with, like making friends with someone a week before they leave to join the army.  
p184
aVPrimer libro de la serie Canci\u005cu00f3n de Hielo y Fuego donde ya se ve claro lo que va a venir en otros libros de la serie: tacos, violencia, una fantas\u005cu00eda adulta, y una forma de contar la historia sin concesiones donde mejor no te encari\u005cu00f1es con nadie porque va a morir horriblemente antes o despu\u005cu00e9s.Una de las cosas de Martin que m\u005cu00e1s me gustaron siempre es que hace protagonistas que me gustan aunque son unos perdedores, o quiz\u005cu00e1 por eso. No hay h\u005cu00e9roes resplandecientes de brillante dentadura y perfecta mo...more
p185
aVI have just started this book and already love it. To give an idea of what type of story it is, the best comparison I can make is to the Lord of the Rings. But...whereas Tolkien can be laborious at times, King can be over-descriptive, and the Hunger Games lady far too simplistic and ridiculous, Martin has incredible balance. Perfect amount of description to put you in the setting, but never tedious; engrossing - never a scene drawn out too long or cut short; and, thank God, intelligent.I saw tha...more
p186
aVAddictive, fascinating, appalling, gripping, saddening, maddening, and wonderful!  An ending that made me think, AAAAAARGH! Can you DO that in a book?!  And made me run straight out and get book two!
p187
aVI just can\u005cu2019t believe this book has been sitting on my bookshelf for the past six months without being read. To be honest I gave up reading fantasy a long time ago. It\u005cu2019s just not my cup of tea. I actually bought it for my husband a huge fantasy-fan. He finished the full series at an incredible speed and kept saying it was \u005cu201can epic series\u005cu201d, \u005cu201con of the best series he ever read\u005cu201d and \u005cu201cthat I had to give it a try\u005cu201d. I didn\u005cu2019t listen to him. (And when he reads this review he will chuckle and say \u005cu201cyou hav...more
p188
aVThis book is great and i likes it from page 1 which rare for me. I really love it so far.well that was long wasn't it
p189
aVOK, so this is a fantasy book.  And there are DRAGONS.  But... it's really, really good.  I have to admit it.
p190
aVJ'aurais mis 5* si:a) il n'avait pas tu\u005cu00e9 autant de chevaux oub) Sansa avait \u005cu00e9t\u005cu00e9 un cheval. 
p191
aVGoodreads really needs half stars.  This is a solid 4.5 in my book.  Not quite up there with War and Peace and Confederacy of Dunces, but definitely more than a four.I really loved this book and could not put it down.  It made going to work very annoying.  The author was called the America Tolkein, and I can see a bit of that in there, but I think he's a better writer.  This book is a little bit "Mists of Avalon," a little bit of "The Tudors" - the TV Show - and a little bit Guy Gavriel Kay, particul...more
p192
aVhttp://d311nh4.blogspot.com/2010/12/g...
p193
aVSonunda bitirebildim. Ger\u005cu00e7ekten \u005cu00e7ok g\u005cu00fczeldi. Bu kitaba puan\u005cu0131m 5 y\u005cu0131ld\u005cu0131z :D
p194
aVJeg har f\u005cu00e5et b\u005cu00e5de anbefalet og "u-anbefalet" denne bog - heldigvis valgte jeg at give den en chance og allerede efter f\u005cu00e5 kapitler var jeg solgt.Det er en til tider dyster fort\u005cu00e6lling fyldt med riddere, \u005cu00e6re, hensynl\u005cu00f8s magtbeg\u005cu00e6r og intriger, meget dygtigt flettet sammen af Martins der placerer en fort\u005cu00e6ller i hver lejr og smart hopper imellem den i skiftende kapitler.Alligevel er der lidt overv\u005cu00e6gt til Stark-siden, som sympatien ogs\u005cu00e5 h\u005cu00e6lder til - og det er da ogs\u005cu00e5 dem jeg allerede gl\u005cu00e6der mig til at l...more
p195
aVGeorge R.R. Martin agli sceneggiatori di Beautiful gli fa una pippa.
p196
aVI must say, I enjoyed this book quite a bit more than I expected to, and my expectations were not withering at all. There were a few shortcomings, such as some slower points in the pace, some... awkward descriptions (I'm sure most of you familiar with this book understand my meaning, even if you disagree), and a few improbabilities...But it's fantasy, right? What's fantasy without improbabilities?Daenerys, I will admit, pissed me off as much as Sansa for a while. I considered her a weak little g...more
p197
aVNov\u005cu00fd sv\u005cu011bt, nov\u005cu00e1 historie, nov\u005cu00e9 kultury...Nov\u005cu00e9 postavy, nov\u005cu00e9 osudy a jejich \u005cu017eivoty...\u005cu010cten\u005cu00edm Hry o tr\u005cu016fny jsem str\u005cu00e1vila skoro dva t\u005cu00fddny. Nem\u005cu011bla jsem na \u005cu010dten\u005cu00ed v\u005cu016fbec \u005cu010das, musela to \u005cu010dasto neochotn\u005cu011b odkl\u005cu00e1dat, a p\u005cu0159esto m\u005cu011b kniha nadchla natolik, \u005cu017ee jsem j\u005cu00ed dala p\u005cu011bt hv\u005cu011bzdi\u005cu010dek. To u\u005cu017e je ukazatel kvality s\u005cu00e1m o sob\u005cu011b. :)Hra o tr\u005cu016fny n\u005cu00e1s zavede do nov\u005cu00e9ho sv\u005cu011bta, situovan\u005cu00e9ho do st\u005cu0159edov\u005cu011bk\u005cu00fdch kr\u005cu00e1lovstv\u005cu00ed, kdy d\u005cu00e1my  m\u005cu00e1vaj\u005cu00ed ryt\u005cu00ed\u005cu0159\u005cu016fm \u005cu0161\u005cu00e1tky a ryt\u005cu00ed\u005cu0159i ve sv\u005cu00fdch zbroj\u005cu00edch proti sob\u005cu011b nastupuj\u005cu00ed v turnaj\u005cu00edch. P\u005cu00e1ni, to zn\u005cu00ed romantic...more
p198
aVEpic. That's all for now.
p199
aVEpic fantasy series are not really something that I\u005cu2019ve had too much experience with. Obviously with the exception of some Tolkien here and there. After hearing so much praise for George R.R Martin and his Song of Ice and Fire series, coupled with personal recommendations from readers whose opinions I respect, I knew I couldn\u005cu2019t put it off any longer. I began reading A Game of Thrones with some trepidation due to the immense scope of this world that I was being dragged into along with the many cha...more
p200
aVBest book ever.
p201
aVOkay, wow. A lot happened in this book. At times it's a bit convoluted. Reading a few reviews, I have to say I got annoyed with the reviewers. They kept trying to put _our_ societies moral code on characters from an entirely different world.A world where it is acceptable for brother and sister to marry.A world where it is acceptable for women to be sold as property.A world where bastard children aren't acknowledged other than a general name of their region.A world where last but not least, there...more
p202
aVI wouldn't necessarily call it a great book, but A Game of Thrones sure appears to be the beginning of a great story! I felt like George R.R. Martin was building this huge mountain with all 807 pages, only to strand me on the summit when I was finished. Like I was hanging on the edge of a cliff. I felt like a cliffhanger, if you will. Ah yes, the book ended on a cliffhanger. Maybe I should coin that phrase. Hmmmmmm... As a fantasy story, A Game of Thrones is refreshing. It doesn't try to recast...more
p203
aVFor a long time now I\u005cu2019ve wanted to read the ASOIAF series so when the opportunity arose to read A Game of Thrones I was ecstatic. I enjoyed the book, I found it entertaining but I felt like the chapters weren\u005cu2019t evenly spaced out. When Tyrion got kidnapped I didn\u005cu2019t want to read about Jon on the wall in the next chapter. Fix your shit GRRM.Moving on, I think the reason why I enjoyed this book so much is because there is no central character. I can invest myself in some characters like Daenerys or...more
p204
aV  This was one of the most epic books I've ever read. Seriously, how much of a genious must George R.R. Martin be to somehow be able to pull of this amazing cast of characters and this amazing world he created and blend them toguether so well? People, this is a once in a lifetime author. The new Tolkien.  The way he handled the prose was perfection. This book wasn't too slow or too fast paced, it was just right. It allowed the perfect amount of world building, plot and character development. Also...more
p205
aVAh, fiction, my old friend, good to see you again. What have you for me this time? Armies, assassinations, incest, intrigue, dragons, and dwarf sex. I\u005cu2019m listening, go on.A Game of Thrones is the first book in a series called A Song of Fire and Ice. As of the time of this review, the series is set to be seven books in total, but only five have been written. The most recent book took Martin five years to write. With HBO turning the series into a show wherein each season roughly represents one book...more
p206
aVRating: 5/5 starsTyrion: Let me give you some advice bastard. Never forget what you are. The rest of the world will not. Wear it like armor, and it can never be used to hurt you.Jon: What the hell do you know about being a bastard?Tyrion: All dwarfs are bastards in their father's eyes.Bran: I'm not a cripple.Tyrion: Then I'm not a dwarf. My father will be rejoiced to hear it.Where to begin?I absolutely loved this book!I must admit, I saw the HBO series of a Game of Thrones first.That really came...more
p207
aVQue surpresa foi esta leitura! Normalmente, eu n\u005cu00e3o aprecio livro do g\u005cu00e9nero fant\u005cu00e1stico, principalmente quando se passam numa altura parecida com a Idade Medieval (um desses exemplos \u005cu00e9 O Hobbit de J.R.R. Tolkien). Mas A Guerra dos Tronos parece ter sido o primeiro. Esperemos que n\u005cu00e3o seja o \u005cu00fanico.A hist\u005cu00f3ria passa-se num lugar chamado Sete Reinos, onde seguimos a perspectiva de v\u005cu00e1rias personagens, alguns deles tentando ganhar controlo nesta terra m\u005cu00edtica. E \u005cu00e9 s\u005cu00f3 o que acontece na vers\u005cu00e3o portuguesa de...more
p208
aVI watched the first season with the hubs and got hooked and I wanted to know what was going to happen to Arya, so I requested the books from the library. After waiting ages to finally get them I jumped right in! If you have seen the first season you have basically read the book. There are only slight variances and the main thing the book does is give more back story and fleshes out the characters more. There isn\u005cu2019t much for me to say about the book, because quite honestly other than it\u005cu2019s a book l...more
p209
aVMy new obsession!  I was not expecting to love this as much as I did, having watched a few episodes of the hit HBO TV show I quickly brought the first of the series A Game of Thrones. Now I love reading but when I saw the size of the book especially when put alongside the other books in the series I did have trepidations, namely whether I would be able to get through these books or if they would be able to maintain my interest. I really shouldn\u005cu2019t have worried there is definitely a reason these bo...more
p210
aVLet me start by saying that I am not someone who typically enjoys fantasy epics. Nevertheless, I found myself enthralled by HBO's incessantly buzzed about adaptation of this series. Daunted though I was by the book's hefty page count, I was determined to read it. After all, surely no one can adapt an 850+ page book into roughly nine hours of TV without cutting a major plot point or character somewhere, right?Wrong. I underestimated David Benioff and D.B Weiss's adaptation skills. Turns out the o...more
p211
aVSimply awe-inspiring. What a world creator! This is no neighborhood. No village. This is vast unchartered territory here. And I'm ready to explore. Wordsmith Bliss's review Apr 20, 12 \u005cu00b7 editbookshelves: award-winners, topfavorites, sex, literature, fantasy, magical, bestsellers, bookclub-read, wonder, witches-vampires, war-or-battles, humorous, paranormal, magical-realism Read from April 03 to 05, 2012Simply awe-inspiring. What a world creator! This is no neighborhood. No village. This is vast u...more
p212
aVOverall, I really liked this book. It's interestingly different from the many other fantasy books I've read primarily in a few aspects. Foremost is the extensive Worldbuilding, which is superb. Martin paints a strikingly vivid picture of his world and the inhabitants, so much so that it takes quite a bit of effort to keep track of all the different characters and houses and their relationships. Some readers may find this required effort irritating, but i found it a small and necessary price to p...more
p213
aVI bought this book thinking I would read it on holiday and then swap with my husband for his book, thus limiting the weight in our bags (no electricity on the trip so no e-reader).  I didn't expect it to be the first book that kept me up at night and so engrossed that I finished it in three days.  I also didn't think my 10 year old son would be the next one to grab it and not put it down.  There is some questionable material for said ten year old but I think he is glossing over most of it and promi...more
p214
aV What is the fuss all about?That was the question I wanted to get rid off when I started reading this book whose epic fantasy content is greatly in proportion to its thickness. I wouldn't say that George R.R. Martin wrote it beautifully, but rather he wrote it as any typical writer can. My point is, he's not the type who shows off his writing abilities with the use of verbose descriptions of trivialities and high-end figures of speech. Its quality of writing did not go beyond what is necessary y...more
p215
aVRese\u005cu00f1a de Fantas\u005cu00eda M\u005cu00e1gicaLo primero que escuch\u005cu00e9 sobre George R. R. Martin es que se lo pod\u005cu00eda considerar un sucesor de Tolkien. Despu\u005cu00e9s de \u005cu00e9sto no pod\u005cu00eda no leerlo. Y qu\u005cu00e9 bueno que lo hice. A cada p\u005cu00e1gina que se avanza de Juego de Tronos se crea una trama apasionante y maravillosamente bien escrita. Esta saga no tiene un protagonista sino muchos, ya que va alternando entre diferentes historias que entrelazadas forman la increible saga que comienza con \u005cu00e9ste libro. No pude dejar de sorprenderme ante...more
p216
aVI expected to hate this book. I was prepared to put it down before I was through the first half. Why? Because anything that gets a lot of hype tends to prove disappointing. I was wrong. What an amazing beginning to this series, and I hate series that use cliffhangers. I really do. Somehow, I don't care that Martin left me hanging. Maybe it's because he tied up a lot of the loose ends while introducing the unresolved conflicts, I don't know.The writing is flawless, relaxed and easy to slip into....more
p217
aVStorytelling perfection. Martin's world is intricate, vast, and encompassing; its characters real, 3-dimensional, flawed, loved, loathed and respected; everything is alive, everything rings of truth even in its hyper-reality. He creates believers. There is none of the dense wading that so often comes with reading epic fantasy (and yes, even you were guilty, Mr. Tolkien) - this 840 or so pages was never an effort for a moment. The pace is such that there is all the room in the world for character...more
p218
aV\u005cu201cBran thought about it.  'Can a man still be brave if he's afraid?''That is the only time a man can be brave,' his father told him.\u005cu201dIn the Land of Westeros, kings and knights, lords and ladies, sorcerers and assassins struggle for control of the Seven Kingdoms.  But even as the leadership of the kingdom becomes contentious, the coming winter of this uncommon land \u005cu2013 a winter that can stretch for decades \u005cu2013 brings with it a preternatural threat even larger than the potential war between the great hou...more
p219
aVI first heard about this series in 2011 when I was shooting with my fellow IPSC World Shoot USA Team member Maggie Reese. She literally buried her face into these books every chance she could, even on the range! I can see why. It takes a lot to get a five-star rating from me, but this book had me hooked from the moment I first started reading it. I love how the chapters were split up by character. It made me feel like I was connected to each of them, almost as if they were telling the story in f...more
p220
aVI admit that I read this book after watching the first season of the HBO series. I was surprised to find that seeing the series first did not leave me in disappointment at all with the book, and that having the characters already established to add to my enjoyment of their characterization was something that I quite enjoyed (and that says a lot as well about the wonderful job HBO has done with the series in relation to the book). If you're looking for "Harry Potter"-esque magic and whimsy, you'r...more
p221
aVFew books capture the immensity of George R R Martins a game of thrones. The world he creates is captivating and never ceases to amaze us with its wide history. The king rules over the seven kingdoms whilst wardens guard the north south east and west. The characters are the highlight in this book with characters such as Tyrion and "Little finger" being amongst my personal favorites.A game of thrones story is plain enough. There are a variety of factions who wish to take the throne off Robert. Th...more
p222
aVThis was the first time I\u005cu2019ve read a very-high fantasy and adult book. It was very long, and I almost lost patience to finish it. But thank goodness I didn\u005cu2019t! It was awesome!Rating: \u005cu2605\u005cu2605\u005cu2605\u005cu2605\u005cu26051. Characters: The only thing that I struggled from this book were its characters, and there\u005cu2019s a LOT of them. They were difficult to remember: their personality, roles, physical appearances, the House and family they belonged to, etc. But many characters mentioned were not really important to the story, and I was...more
p223
aVI gave up. I admit it. I'm a failure.In the Game Of Thrones I'm a lonely steward or a butcher's son.However, i am a much happier butcher's son for having put down this book. I can now go and play with the other bastards..Game of Thrones is like a 15 year run of a soap opera where nothing much really happens.. Damn, this book was boring. I got two-thirds through and just could not take the lack of anything happening any longer.If he just got to the point a bit quicker perhaps I would have enjoyed...more
p224
aVAllright, I'll try this review not to be so long and boring.When I first heard about "Game of Thrones" as an existing book, I was literally like "Meh, I don't read fantasy, let's skip this." Days passed by and I went to a bookstore just to kill the time and I saw the book, translated into Turkish, which happens to be my native language. I was really impressed by the cover, but I still did not want to start to read fantasy book at the age of 21. I skipped it again.Then, I read a short comment abo...more
p225
aVFirst, I applaud Martin for his realistic portrayal of politics - you can never fully know what the other players are up to and whether they can be trusted. However, that is what most people hate about politics and its the primary thing I hate about this book. Martin does not allow even the audience to have anything more than suspicions. Not being able to trust the integrity of any of the characters makes it impossible to get invested in any of the characters. This series has a reputation for ma...more
p226
aVYes, I finally got around to reading this one.Lots of thoughts.  At the beginning, reading the prologue when some guy is attacked by some creatures, presumably on the other side of the wall now that I know a little more about the book -- definitely wasn't expecting that.  I didn't know these books would be scary!  I read that part and went to sleep, and had a nightmare.  Hrmpf.Overall, though, I really enjoyed this.  I loved the characters, even the ones I hated.  They are all so distinct and I really...more
p227
aVI've been told repeatedly both by automated suggestions (Books we think Alexx will like) and by friends that I would LOVE LOVE this series of books. It should be noted that I mainly do my reading through Audiobooks. And maybe if I were reading a paper book I'd have been able to skim faster over the parts that put me to sleep. I get that this is supposed to be epic fiction. And it is epic in length and scope of its undertaking but that doesn't mean it's epically interesting, at least to me. After...more
p228
aVThis one is rather hard for me to review....I'm still thinking about it. Did it entertain me?.....yes. Did it keep me interested....definitely. There were characters I really liked and many I despised. Why not 5 stars then? I'm aggravated! Nothing good happened to any of my favorite characters!! Ok, maybe that's not true, but lots of really nasty stuff happened to them and not enough bad stuff happened to the bad characters. Lots of violence and killing of the characters....the good ones! A few...more
p229
aVEvery time I am asked to describe what this novel is about, I have a lot of trouble. I don\u005cu2019t want to give the story away, but so much happens in a single book that I also don\u005cu2019t even know where to begin. I love the story line; it takes place in an epic legendary world divided into many kingdoms, ruled by a king, with lords, ladies and peasants. You\u005cu2019re basically reading the world from lords\u005cu2019 points of views; those who are in a position to influence their world and make changes. They make decisions...more
p230
aVI grabbed this book mostly so I could see what the fuss was about before I watched the series, and I must say, I was blown away. It might have something to do with the fact that I read most of this on my honeymoon, so I was in pretty good spirits anyway, but I just couldn't stop reading. I'm not sure what it is, exactly, but this story pulled me in like few others in recent memory. The POV shifts keep you constantly interested, and Martin's writing style, which just sort of goes right into the s...more
p231
aVI was very torn on how to rate this book.  I do not think it quite met the four star standard, but it was, by far, not three stars.  I wish I could have rated this as three and a half, but I went ahead and rounded it up.Overall, I think Martin did a wonderful job pulling away for your formulated fantasy genre.  Out of all of the fantasy books I have read (which are not many, since I tend to strongly dislike the genre), this has been the most thought out, realistic piece I have ever read.  What I fav...more
p232
aVThey really did stick almost exactly to the novel when making the television show, with the first season covering this first book from beginning to end (one small exception in the inclusion of Arya's situation at the beginning of the 2nd book, but this was a good choice). I know this probably shouldn't be my first thought when reviewing the book, I just found it excessively surprising when I kept seeing this, down to exact words used by characters and exact scenes in so many cases - must say I'm...more
p233
aVThere might be possible spoilers in the reviewI can't believe I'm finally finished with this book. It took more than 2 weeks. Now, now, don't get me wrong the book is great. I loved almost everything about it, except maybe the too much describing that went on, but it's usual for epic fantasy books. I guess.One thing before I start with the book, if you had watched the series, like I did, it gets boring reading the book, almost evertything is the same. And in the series you get to see all these a...more
p234
aVGeneral rambles and ravings.One of the things I love about this series as a whole is how often I get to be an active participant. There are so many things that are left open for interpretation (characters, back-story, prophesies, and such) and some will probably never have an overt and certain conclusion. But as a reader I always have enough information to guess and wonder and follow. The details are almost always important, and by almost I mean mostly because food porn (one example) isn't reall...more
p235
aVI always think I'm a bigger fan of fantasy than I actually am. It's not that I've had a bad experience (though I did read all but the most recent of the Sword of Truth novels), nor that I've never read a good fantasy novel (I am a Tolkien fan, and of more than just Lord of the Rings). It's not that I don't like the elements of magic and magical creatures (I love the idea about reading about dragons and elves).I think it's because I'm reluctant to pick up a fantasy novel because so few are standa...more
p236
aVI really enjoyed reading A Game of Thrones.  I first heard of the book back in high school around the time the second book was begin published (yep, I'm that old), but I hesitated to read it because I was intimidated by the length.  In retrospect I'm glad I waited because my high school self probably would have hated it; too much description and not enough romance.  Fast forward ten years and HBO makes a show out of the series.  I watched one episode and was hooked and two seasons later I decided to...more
p237
aV  "Winter is coming"The words of the Starks hung chilled in the air around Winterfell, their ancestors home. Sinister forces lurk beyond the Wall bringing with them the long years of disaster the people believe that you would die choking yourself while laughing.The House of Stark is one of the seven great houses of the Seven Kingdoms and the ruler of the North. When the King of the Andals came and offer him to be the Hand of the King chain of events and problems lay before the members of the hou...more
p238
aVWith the HBO series now out this book has lately become quite hyped up and though I myself have been wanting to read it since before the series, being a fan of fantasy, it was the coming out of the show that motivated me to finally pick the book up and start reading it. At first it did start a bit slow for me, and I was left feeling somewhat disappointed. Because of all the hype I expected something more, I had felt it was good but there just seemed to be something missing. Well midway through t...more
p239
aVRobert Baratheon, casado com Cersei Lannister, rei e senhor dos Sete Reinos, desloca-se a Winterfell para fazer do seu amigo Eddard Stark, senhor do Norte, a M\u005cu00e3o do Rei. Reticente, Ned acaba por aceitar a posi\u005cu00e7\u005cu00e3o e leva Sansa e Arya para a sua nova jornada, deixando Catelyn e os restantes filhos no norte. Sempre atento aos Lannisters e \u005cu00e0s excentricidades do seu rei e amigo, Ned acaba por tomar decis\u005cu00f5es que n\u005cu00e3o agradam o rei e seus conselheiros e descobrir o segredo que ir\u005cu00e1 mudar para sempre a su...more
p240
aVAfter watching the HBO series, I decided that I had to read the series myself because I found the show so compelling. This isn't the type of book that I'd normally pick up. Fantasy is typically not something that I reach for but I loved the series on HBO and was interested in seeing if the books were even better!I have had this one sitting on my Nook for months but I was a bit hesitant to begin (despite many friends encouraging me) because I wasn't entirely sure that it would actually be readabl...more
p241
aVI think watching the HBO series and doing an A/B comparison with the book while reading was the magnet that pulled me through finishing this book; I don't know if I would've given this a chance without the show. My one "doorstop fantasy" favorite remains the 20th-Century archetype of the genre, The Lord of the Rings. I don't know if that Time reviewer's "Ammerican Tolkien" praise is deserved; a "modern" fantasy prose entertainment is not great merely because it is long, lacks hobbits or features...more
p242
aVI went into this novel thinking I\u005cu2019d end up having to push myself through it. I have little tolerance for huge books if I\u005cu2019m not 100% invested in them, and since I\u005cu2019m not a big Fantasy reader, I didn\u005cu2019t think I would enjoy it enough to hold my interest. I was very wrong. This book shifts between several perspectives and it keeps the book from ever being dull. I immediately fell in love with the characters (especially the unlucky Stark family) and the setting. The setting is so well written that you...more
p243
aVI can see why this is a love it or hate it book for so many people.  If you're a character reader, GoT must be an absolute nightmare because people die.  Quite a lot of them.  But, if you're more of a plotty reader, the murder and betrayal and politics are a very entertaining read and Martin makes the most of them by using so many POVs.  I have to admit I was skeptical when I looked at the Table of Contents and saw how many POV characters Martin uses, but he does so to their absolute best effect, ma...more
p244
aV4.5 starsF*@^$ awesome! That's all that really needs to be said. A Game of Thrones is one of those rare, magical books that transports you to a far away land where your imagination plays out right before your very eyes. As you read this book, you feel like one of the characters in the book witnessing all of the action firsthand.George R.R. Martin spins an amazing tale with a zillion characters, all complex and all so different. At first, I had difficulty keeping track of all the different player...more
p245
aVI wasn't sure what to expect when I first bought this book. The HBO series is a favorite of mine, but usually written fantasy is something I struggle with. Fantasies are easily cliche. You have either peasant/noble status who meets a peasant/noble status and is sent on an epic journey that requires them to save the world. Suddenly the other side doesn't seem so simple, and their eyes are now open. They come across other characters that you either hate or like. They face magical creatures and bei...more
p246
aV3.5 stars.  This is really an exceptional, well-written book...if you like this sort of thing!  Unfortunately I'm not a big fan of historical dialogue, historical war, and any books contains 50% detail after detail!  Oh sure (the author says) it's all in the details but my god the extent of detail was soooo painful...it ruined my enjoyement of the 1st half of this ginormous book.  For those who enjoy detail, GRRM really creates a very real, tangible setting.Also, this book is written in 8 different...more
p247
aVI have very mixed feelings about this book. It came highly recommended (particularly by men) and therefore I expected a guy-flick. Great was my surprise when, after a great prologue, nothing happened for the next 300 pages. It bored me out of my minds, to the point that I put it aside and started reading other novels.300-pages in, it starts to get better but again, it is a very heterogeneous read: some I love and some I wonder if it makes any difference if I just skip. This book is an amalgam of...more
p248
aVWhew! 807 pages. I thought I would never slog through it all. It took me a little while because I knew what was going to happen already since I'd watched the HBO show so there was little sense of suspense for me. But also, Martin is wordy. I really think he could have cut out about 200 pages and still written a fantastic book. All of his descriptions about who is affliated with what house and who is wearing what and eating this and that really drags down the pace of the book. I like all the char...more
p249
aVWow! This book was long! What a ride. I got into this series because I loved the HBO series so much. The was was scripted so closely with the book. I was very happy about that. I cannot even begin to explain what the story is about. George R.R. Martin created a world filled with so many character that are complex and a story beyond imagination. There's lots of family feuds going on while lots of people lay claim to the Iron Throne and fight and scheme to get it. While other battle with supernatu...more
p250
aVI'll be blunt, and say the only reason I even thought to read this story is because of the upcoming HBO series that will start airing this weekend.  I tend to watch a lot of science fiction and fantasy, but am not often compelled to read the source material."Game of Thrones" is definitely a worthy exception.  I have rarely found an author who can meld fast-moving plot and character-driven narrative together the way Martin has.  There are over 70 chapters, told from the points of view of eight chara...more
p251
aVGeorge R.R. Martin must be a fascinating guy. Between all the incest and the lack of qualms when it comes to the killing or injuring of well-liked characters, this guy is downright heartless . . . or just really imaginative and true to his vision! I do not recommend reading this book if you are one of those people who expects your favorite characters to eventually find happiness. There is no happiness here.On the other hand, A Game of Thrones was astoundingly good. The writing style was phenomen...more
p252
aVHace ya unos d\u005cu00edas que lo termin\u005cu00e9 pero la falta de tiempo no me ha permitido rese\u005cu00f1arlo hasta hoy. Tal vez mejor, pens\u005cu00e9 yo. Pasados los d\u005cu00edas normalmente las sensaciones se asientan y se tiene m\u005cu00e1s perspectiva.Pero no, tengo la misma sensaci\u005cu00f3n que empez\u005cu00f3 a inundarme m\u005cu00e1s o menos al llegar al primer tercio del libro, y fue creciendo a medida que deboraba sus p\u005cu00e1ginas,para ser confirmada en el momento en que le\u005cu00ed la \u005cu00faltima frase del libro. Un 10 sobre 10. As\u005cu00ed de absoluto. Pero vayamos por partes...Como m...more
p253
aVI've always been a huge fantasy fan, but apparently I have completely different tastes in fantasy than the rest of fandom. I enjoy some epic fantasy, but I've never been able to get into the "greats". Tolkien: bored me. Jordan: I swore never to start until he finished writing the series.  Goodkind: also bored me.  And then we come to Martin, who is apparently the next great epic fantasy author.I feel like I'm really harsh on this book because it's just so over-hyped, what with the HBO series start...more
p254
aV"In reality the monsters win," declares Sansa after facing harsh life lessons, giving a cynical but all too true depiction of life on the continent of Westeros. A Song of Ice and Fire is said to be a realist fantasy, much like an old favorite of mine The Chronicles of Thomas Covenant the Unbeliever. In both series, the world created is not a pretty place. Heroes die, protagonists flawed, evil triumphs. This can be hard to take for a fantasy fan accustomed to a more Lord of the Rings stereotypica...more
p255
aVThanks to a friend on GoodReads.com, I was convinced to ask for  A Game of Thronesfor Chrismuhkwanzukkah, and received it. I had heard about the series A Song if Ice and Fireand was aware that HBO is going to start airing a miniseries called Game of Thronesin April 2011.Variety reports that there are over 4.5 million copies of the first four books in the series in print and it has recently been announced that the fifth book A Dance with Dragonswill be released on July 12, 2011. Many fans of the...more
p256
aVCavalcate notturne. Intrighi di corte. Vecchie balie che raccontano storie. Figli illegittimi. Tradimenti. Adulteri. Castelli dai corridoi oscuri. Grossi uomini che bevono vino e cavalcano grossi cavalli armati di grosse spade. Tornei di spade. Parentele piuttosto ingarbugliate. Mostri notturni che si muovono nel freddo della notte. Re e regine e Primi Cavalieri del Re. Ragazzini che adottano cuccioli di lupo e danno nomi alle loro spade e si cacciano nei guai. Incesti. Omuncoli deformi e donne...more
p257
aVI enjoy fantasy to a small extent. I would not call myself a fan by any means. But man oh man did I get sucked in to this book from the very first page. I was curious about some of the other reviews of it on Goodreads The people who hated it say it was boring (wow, makes me wonder what those people find thrilling!) or that it jumped around too much. I can't see any other way to tell such an epic tale besides moving around from character to character. For me, that kept the intrigue up because you...more
p258
aVStill can't wrap my head around this one. For one thing it was multi-plotted and some of the stories didn't meet yet. I understand this is only the first book of six but after going through 800 pages, I can't help but expect something. And there was barely as much as a semi-end. And then there was the way the book started and everyone kept referring to things and names I had not a clue what/who they were. I remember saying before that I didn't like long introductions and preferred it when the se...more
p259
aVDon't mistake the two 'R.R.'s in this author's name for someone similar to Tolkien.  While Tolkien's fantasy is about beauty and yearning and the desire for the restoration of a broken world, Martin's is about exploring the depths of (in)humanity. Don't expect the beautifully bittersweet Lorien, prepare for the gutters and sewers of King's Landing. This book is very gritty and dark.   Martin creates a host of realistic characters, warts and all. (Literally.  You'll find boils, and open sores, and a...more
p260
aVThis one exceeded my expectations even given all of the hype surrounding it now because of the HBO series. I am picky about the type of fantasy that I enjoy, but this definitely fit the bill. It is not heavily garbed in magic, but does seem to be more of a historical fiction novel set during medieval times certainly with some fantasy thrown in, but more to enhance the story rather than to overpower it. There are a lot of characters to keep straight, but each have such distinct personalities that...more
p261
aVI finally got around to reading A Game of Thrones, despite the fact that the series still wasn't finished when I started, because the television series was starting. Sam Chupp really wanted to watch it, and I didn't want to see it without having read the book, so I gave in and started reading.He had repeatedly warned me that it was really dark, and indeed it is. I think he said that there are no wholly good characters. So far, at least, that isn't quite true. It may be something that becomes mor...more
p262
aVNot my usual fare - like bubble gum versus sweetbreads - molecules that have nothing in common except for temporary residence in the mouth. But a co-worker was very fond of this book and I saw it (regularly) on favorite-books-lists on some website, somewhere - and then there is the coming HBO series. I figured it was time to give it a shot or I'd never give it a shot. So now I have 800 pages later that I will never get back in my life. Was it woeful? No. Terrible? Often. Does it do what it's sup...more
p263
aVRead about this book and others in my article "Food in Fiction" on Bookkaholic here.This book blew me away. The opening scene throws some mysterious creatures at the reader and doesn't explain what they are or how they apply to the world and I loved it. They're like a cross between zombies and vampires and they're awesome and scary all at once. The world Martin creates with this series is lush, complex, and he loves to write beautiful and detailed descriptions of food. Reading about descriptions...more
p264
aVTo think I almost gave up on this book and tempted to rate it a 1 star  except for the prodding of my son who urged me to go on. I read somewhere here that in order to enjoy this hard to comprehend fantasy tale is to read it with persistence and a strong resolve as well as with a new set of eyes. Like the three eyed crow that Bran, son of Eddard Stark, saw in his dream, I opened up a new eye away from the comfortable sights of action,Legal, and Mystery Genre's and struggled through and While Wint...more
p265
aVEis que dou por mim a fechar o primeiro livro da saga escrita por George R. R. Martin, As Cr\u005cu00f3nicas de Gelo e Fogo, e a achar que n\u005cu00e3o \u005cu00e9 assim t\u005cu00e3o espectacular como se dizia por a\u005cu00ed. Estava \u005cu00e0 espera de algo mais inovador, mais arrebatador, mais empolgante, enfim, mais tudo. N\u005cu00e3o desgostei mas tamb\u005cu00e9m n\u005cu00e3o amei.Sabendo que \u005cu00e9 uma saga e que o primeiro volume original corresponde aos dois primeiros volumes editados pela Sa\u005cu00edda de Emerg\u005cu00eancia, vou dar o desconto e vou querer ler o segundo, porque achei este...more
p266
aVActually 4 1/2 stars in my opinion. I enjoyed this story immensely. I loved the way it unfolded with each chapter narrated by a differrent character within their storyline. My favorite character of all is Arya. She is smart, spunky, a tomboy, & mischievous. Sansa, on the other hand, is prim, proper, whiny & prissy. I did feel sorry for her when her direwolf was "taken" from her. I think her character is about to change & grow drastically. Especially after being betrayed and manipulat...more
p267
aVI finally get it. I get the love for George RR Martin\u005cu2019s A Game of Thrones. I didn\u005cu2019t think I\u005cu2019d get it, but I find it hard to remember now why I thought that way. I know that one thing holding me back was some random comment from a random, now forgotten person, that led me to believe I would hate Martin\u005cu2019s politics, and that they\u005cu2019d play themselves out in a distracting way, but that never manifested for me. Beyond that I can\u005cu2019t recall why I thought I would hate the book. Perhaps it was because many o...more
p268
aVYou visit your local bookstore for a new story to read. You walk over to the science fiction/fantasy section and start browsing hoping to find that new fantasy story to delve into. You want a new adventure with honorable and chivalrous characters that are set out on a journey that will change their lives forever. Trying to defeat the stories obvious sinister villain, who wants nothing but the destruction of everything that is pleasant. Then set the world's wrongs right, return home at the end of...more
p269
aVThis book is awesome.Some people say it starts kind of slow, and I can see why. There is a lot of exposition and literally dozens of characters to get to know for about the first half of the book. However, I couldn't stop turning the pages. Each character is worth the reading, and if you pay attention you can feel the undercurrents boiling and the pressure build until finally the pressure bursts. And it bursts gloriously. People die. Important people. Good guys loose. Bad guys triumph. Good guys...more
p270
aVI really went back and forth between 4 and 5 stars for my rating of this book - I could have easily gone with 5 - the book was incredible - but there was enough right toward the end that pulled it down. However, this IS a series and I'm already reading the second book, which picks up right where this one left off, and if the story picks back up, I may just revise this up to 5 because the story is great.This series has been classified in the fantasy genre, and I suppose thats probably the closest...more
p271
aVI'm still reading this, but I'm going to write a quick preliminary review. I'm just over 200 pages into this book, and I feel like I can now appropriately offer 2 pieces of advice concerning it.1. Read this book.2. Do NOT read this book when you have a lot of other shit to do. This book hasn't lovingly welcomed me to read a chapter or two in my free time. No. It has beat the living hell out of my priorities with a sword called Ice, made me swear to the seven faces of god that I will continue to...more
p272
aVA Game of Thrones by Author George R.R. Martin is a fantasy novel that reminds me a lot of the epic classic, Le Morte d'Arthur.  It has small elements of Tolkien-like fantasy, but really almost fits better with historical fiction.House Stark is the ruling family of the North that is responsible for defending the northern border of the kingdom from various enemies.  Lord Eddard Stark, ruler and father of House Stark, receives a visit from his old friend and comrade, King Robert Baratheon.  Stark soo...more
p273
aVso far this book is quite entertaining, except that yesterday, after reading 100 pages of the book, i made the mistake of checking out reviews on amazon to see if my love for the book was shared by others.  unfortunately, some douche-bag totally fucked up/crapped on my reading *SPOILER ALERT* first!!!  what a first class asshole. why do people do that???OKi am done with the first installment of Martin's epic fantasy series, A Song of Ice and Fire.  I had trouble classifying what shelf to tag this u...more
p274
aVORIGINALLY POSTED AT Fantasy Literature.George R.R. Martin\u005cu2019s A Song of Ice and Fire is so different from any other fantasy epic. Martin's writing is eloquent, his story is completely original and unpredictable, and the plot is dark and gritty (often gross). His characters are some of the best in fantasy literature because they are so complex. You often can\u005cu2019t decide whether a character is a \u005cu201cgood guy\u005cu201d or a \u005cu201cbad guy,\u005cu201d which is very different from most other fantasy literature, but not so different...more
p275
aVI'm not sure whether this deserves 2 or 3 stars... wish half-star ratings had been implemented. It's not exactly boring, but very slow-moving. It doesn't usually take me a couple of weeks to read a book of this size, but I found it much too easy to put it down and was never totally engrossed in it.I think part of this may have been that it was so dark and bleak from the very first page. The main characters were heading towards a miserable future, and it made me hesitant to like any of them, beca...more
p276
aV"Winter is coming." The Good: The Starks are lords of the north in the Seven Kingdoms and are unaware of the danger threatening their family. The current monarch, bloated and inept, is blind to the treachery and corruption surrounding the court and the Lannisters, his wife's family. Across the sea the heirs of the ousted monarch plan their revenge. Beyond the Wall, a defence against dark creatures from the north, something is stirring. Winter is coming.Martin's writing follows the same vein as R...more
p277
aVGeorge R. R. Martin's A Game of Thrones is addictive.  Steve pestered me for months to read the first book of his A Song of Fire and Ice series, but I resisted.  The books each range between 800 and 1000 pages.  It seemed like quite a commitment, I thought.  I had no idea.  The commitment, however, does not come from the page count; it comes from the reader's total immersion and investment in Martin's world.  Not only are these books real page turners, but they are artfully written, inhabited by compe...more
p278
aVUPDATE 06/11: I first read this book a couple of years ago, and at that time i really didnt like what i read. after hearing that there would be an HBO show about the first book, though i didnt love the book, i knew that the TV series would be good, since i liked the story of the book and didnt like the writing. and i did like the series. it's awesome. a couple of friends have read the whole series and they say that the series is incredible. so while i watched the episodes on TV, i started to rea...more
p279
aVBook Review: A Game of Thrones by George R.R. MartinFantasy readers will find a rewarding experience when they delve into Martin's epic fantasy series. Find out how this leading fantasy genre author captivates readers with diverse characters and thrilling plot twists.  Career author and television writer George R.R. Martin is well on his way to becoming a legend in his own time with his grandest of epics A Song of Ice and Fire that begins with A Game of Thrones. Published by Bantam Books, this as...more
p280
aVThis whole series is genius. Marko Zivkovic got me into it. It's fantasy with sex, swearing, horrendous violence, and major characters getting killed, and you can't generally tell who's good and who's bad. It's really a giant super-complex Dickensian soap opera about dynastic struggles and interpersonal rivalries, all on a backdrop of invading magic and monsters (which no-one believes in at the beginning).The main stylistic schtick of the books is that they are told in alternating point-of-view...more
p281
aVCharacters in this book are honest are real.  Its not until the 4rth book where I run into characters who seem illogical.  She is a woman though... that may explain it.  Very real characters who as it is said are not black and white.  You will definitely have characters you root for, and root against.  As to good and evil it is a river.  There are Knights, Lords, and Ladies who hold to their morals, their honor.  In the end though they are lying in a pool of blood, leaving tear-stains on the pages of y...more
p282
aVThere have been only a handful of books I've read that I've loved as intensely and as immediately as A Game of Thrones. It is the first of what is currently projected to be a 7 book series (we're anxiously awaiting book 5)It is a fantasy story, essentially 3 stories in one. The story is based heavily on England's War of the Roses, so you have several noble houses all jockeying for position to see who will sit a throne. At the same time, the rightful heir to the throne is many thousands of  miles...more
p283
aVNormally I never would have picked up this book.  The cover did it for me.  I stumbled across this book back in 1997.  It was on the bargain books shelf at Barnes and Noble.  It was a hard cover book with this really gaudy, embossed, silver/grey book jacket featuring the famous sword bedecked throne.I still probably wouldn't have gotten the book after reading the dust jacket if not for the $5 cover price.  I figured, "what the heck, I'm bored and between books and I pay $5 for lattes, why not this bo...more
p284
aVI used to read a lot of these epic fantasy series until they all blurred into someone else's D&D campaign or a thinly veiled Tolkien rip-off. However this one stuck with me quite... stickily. In fact, the entire series to date still sticks with me. The plot is immense, yet intricate, and the vast array of characters outdoes  War and Peace while keeping each and every one of the characters' actions firmly in the reader's memory through a very real and at times shocking portrayal. In these boo...more
p285
aVThis book is actually quite good. Despite it's ranking, I can't quite bring myself to put it in the same category as my very favorite of fantasy series: LOTR, Dark is Rising, Wizard of Earthsea, etc. But it's still remarkably good, and what you could justly call enthralling.When I started reading A Game of Thrones, I was a bit put off, first by the people who recommended to me (the same type who raved about the Da Vinci Code), and then by a bunch of the names. Some of the naming is quite bad --...more
p286
aVThe beginning of simply the best fantasy series going right now.  Martin avoids fantasy cliches and a simplistic good/evil dichotomy in favor gritty realism.  The huge cast of characters will run the gamut of any moral continuum you can think of.  The moral "grayness" of this series, however, isn't the result of some contrived nihilistic statement on the author's part, but rather his willingness to allow situations and conflicts to reach their logical conclusion (without any deus ex machina).  This...more
p287
aVThe first time I tried to read this book, I had to return it to the library before I was even a third of the way through! This time I listened to it in my car (during my ridiculously long commute) and found myself sitting in my driveway when I got home just to listen "a little longer."  It's very well-written.  Because each chapter is told from a different point of view, as a reader you got to know many of the characters very well.  The characters are so well developed that they seemed like real pe...more
p288
aVThere are too many characters in this book.  Also, there are too many unpleasant characters in this book.  Also, the characters have too many names (personal names, family names, nicknames, titles...).  A bigger issue for me was that the book, like most fantasy novels, is extremely uncreative about gender roles.  This is a whole different imaginary society, you can make things however you want, and yet you stuck with the same old "Men fight, women make babies and attempt (somewhat in vain) to have t...more
p289
aVI still cannot believe that I've just gotten through an 800+ page fantasy novel and actually liked it. Confusing as hell at first, it eventually materializes into a storyline which truly sucks you in. I've already borrowed the second book in the series from the co-worker who introduced me to this in the first place...damn her! Did I just totally lose some of my literary snob cred?Also, I just noticed that I spend NINE DAYS on this book, which is a lot of time for me to spend with any sort of boo...more
p290
aVI saw all the negative comments here. I understand everybody. But I LIKED the book. It happened that way: I first watched the HBO TV Show and I loved it. Then I decided to read the book and I did. Although it took me something like a whole week to finish it while reading other books, I liked it. It's fiction which means that I love it. Let's face it - nowadays Vampires rule, and in this book there are no vampires and werewolves looking like underwear models. Here are dwarfs, mad kids becoming ki...more
p291
aVOH EM GEE THIS BOOK IS SO STINKING GOOD.Have you ever been reading a book and the whole time your brain is just going, "THIS IS SO GOOD. THIS. IS. SO. GOOD. AHHHHTHISISSOGOOD"? I hope I'm not alone. Anyway, this is one of those books.There are a lot of characters in this book. Every single one of them interesting and deep and evolving. The story world is novel yet not unbelievable. Maybe this is a strictly girly observation, but the story world is also beautiful. There are several storylines evo...more
p292
aVThere are a zillion reviews of this series out there, so I aplogoize if I'm just joining the chorus of "me too"s.  Years ago Jimmy, Brad, and I were booking in DC.  I was picking through the Lovecraft in this used bookshop when the owner accosted me and demanded that I take a copy of AGOT for free.  He insisted that it was so good that I go home and read it right away.  He was right. This is rated-R fantasy.  Sex and murder on every page.  It's almost historical fiction with some fantasy thrown in.  It...more
p293
aVGot this book from my cousin Philip. So far, I'd agree with his description - better than average sword-and-sorcery, riffing on the history of Scotland.  It's dark, well-written, and innovative without shivering the shaky timbers on which its genre is propped.  I'll write more as I read more . . .So I read more.  Wow. This was one of the most consistently thrilling, powerful, and evocative examples I've ever read of a genre that generally leaves me cold.  I can't believe I'm giving five stars to a s...more
p294
aVA great start. I was a little hesitant to begin this series, but I'm happy with it at the moment (albeit, one book is hardly enough material from which to base a judgement on an entire series of books). I've read a lot of reviews saying the characters are cliches, while others say they're original, wonderful subversions. I'm somewhat in the middle on this. I enjoyed the characters, and found them to be cliche at times, but unpredictable at others. Many reviewers say that they found the character...more
p295
aVThis book ...  man where do I begin. I loved the way it was written and that I could see how different people were affected by the ongoings in the plot. Writing it in this manner helped me connect with more than one character and kept me on the edge of my seat. The fact that every chapter had me feeling so many different emotions didn't hurt and I felt really connected to characters I thought I would dislike by the end.I honestly think this is one of the most well written novels I've read in a lo...more
p296
aVAno! Do\u005cu010detla jsem to! Trvalo mi to dva m\u005cu011bs\u005cu00edce, mezit\u005cu00edm jsem p\u005cu0159e\u005cu010detla p\u005cu0159es dvacet dal\u005cu0161\u005cu00edch knih, ale do\u005cu010detla jsem to. Kdy\u005cu017e zv\u005cu00e1\u005cu017e\u005cu00edm ta mr\u005cu0148av\u005cu00e1 p\u005cu00edsmenka, tak je to asi nejdel\u005cu0161\u005cu00ed kniha, co jsem kdy p\u005cu0159e\u005cu010detla. A mezi anglick\u005cu00fdmi ur\u005cu010dit\u005cu011b.Bavilo m\u005cu011b to, a to i p\u005cu0159esto, \u005cu017ee m\u005cu011b nic nep\u005cu0159ekvapilo d\u005cu00edky tomu, \u005cu017ee u\u005cu017e to zn\u005cu00e1m ze seri\u005cu00e1lu - no, mo\u005cu017en\u005cu00e1 jsem jen mile p\u005cu0159ekvapen\u005cu00e1 t\u005cu00edm, \u005cu017ee to HBO ud\u005cu011blalo a\u005cu017e tak podobn\u005cu00e9, u seri\u005cu00e1lu je to neobvykl\u005cu00e9, ale asi je dobr\u005cu00e9, \u005cu017ee nem\u005cu011bnili, to by byli fanou\u005cu0161ci akor\u005cu00e1t na\u005cu0161tvan\u005cu00ed. Je \u005cu0161koda, \u005cu017ee jse...more
p297
aVA Game of Thrones is probably the first fantasy novel I truly enjoyed (though I haven\u005cu2019t read many) and I read this so gain a better understanding of the characters for the awesome TV series airing on HBO. George R.R. Martin is a master storyteller, always changing perspectives to explore each side of the story from each of the three main families. This technique avoids making the story feel dragged out and a great way to know what the motivation from different characters is. This book is more th...more
p298
aVmuitas viagens + muito tric\u005cu00f4 = pouca leitura. demoreeeei pra terminar este livro!! o que achei, sinceramente? talvez eu esteja velha demais pra ler livros de fantasia... ser\u005cu00e1? a hist\u005cu00f3ria \u005cu00e9 bacana, e o george escreve bem, mas apesar disso, o livro n\u005cu00e3o me prendeu tanto quanto teria se eu o tivesse lido h\u005cu00e1 alguns anos. comprei 4 livros da s\u005cu00e9rie, e em breve lerei os outros, mas confesso que n\u005cu00e3o tou super empolgada, n\u005cu00e3o. esperava mais!---much traveling + much knitting = few readings. it took me sooo...more
p299
aVIf you even moderately enjoyed Tolkein, and want to see where the genre has grown into pick up this book.  It's AMAZING!  It's well written, the characters are multi-layered, real people who you can really get to know and enjoy.  The plot is *very* loosely based on the War of the Roses, but that's really just a jumping off point for the best fantasy series I've ever read (and at this point I've read pretty much all the major authors).  One note, the book is pretty graphic, and by 100 pages in you'll...more
p300
aVThe amazing thing about "A Game of Thrones" and its sequels (although I can't speak to the most recent ones, post-hiatus) is that you simply keep reading them. The prose isn't remarkable, the world and characters are clearly inspired by history and Shakespeare (Henry VIII as Robert Baratheon, for instance) but you can't stop turning the pages. It's a testament to Martin's sheer mastery of his craft, and I'm taking notes to figure out why it holds readers the way it does. Some of my guesses so fa...more
p301
aVThe best series going in modern high fantasy (keep in mind I haven't read much modern high fantasy).  Seriously, this book/series is quite good for what it is.  It's loosely based/inspired by a number of medieval conflicts/power struggles, most namely being the Dance of the Dragons and the Wars of the Roses.  George RR Martin has affirmed his love of medieval history and has said certain historical events have inspired his stories, but that he is most certainly not slavishly copying old stories and...more
p302
aVFun Fact: George RR Martin wrote and produced Beauty and the Beast (the TV series) in the 80s.Where do I start? This book took me forever to finish, not because it was a chore to read, but because life got crazy and I couldn't steal time away to read (plus, at 800 pages, it's pretty long). The first time I tried to read it, I wasn't in the mood for this genre, so I set is aside until  was feeling it. Now I am really glad I did. I got completely sucked in and could not wait to find out what happen...more
p303
aVSo far this is a great book and I am already looking forward to the next one.I also would like to say it is very similar to the TV series on HBO. The Book just offers more detail and information.I strongly recommend this book to any person who likes Fantasy/Knight stories and series.The ending of this book is great.It leaves you wanting to find out if there is going to be justice, revenge or more carnage to come.Favorite Chapters to read: Jon (Jon Snow)           Favorite Character: Jon Snow or Jamie Lann...more
p304
aVThis book has been recommended to me by several folks whose reading taste tends to echo mine, so I decided to give it a whirl.  A bit more fantasy-based than I usually read, and (obviously) very focused on political intrigue, but I am enjoying it - not in a "can't put it down kind of way" but for as hefty as it is I am zooming through it pretty quickly.  i now need to amend this review because i can't for the life of me finish this book.  i just don't get anyone's motivations and the political intr...more
p305
aVSex and violence. Sex and violence and swords. Sex, violence, swords, and chivalry. Sex, violence, swords, chivalry, and political intriuge.  Sex, violence, swords, chivalry, political  intrigue, and zombies. and dragons.  That basically sums it up. Not just this book, but all of the books in this series. Enjoyable, fast reads, guilty pleasures, but G.R.R. Martin is no Tolkien. He is sort of to Tolkien what Playboy is to Vogue. 
p306
aVOverall, I enjoyed A Game of Thrones; although, it wasn't as good as I had anticipated.  I won't be reading the second book right away - I definitely need a break from how (unnecessarily) long the books are.  As a fairly quick reader, I was surprised by how long it took me to get through it.  I somewhat blame the fact that it jumped from so many characters.  This was useful in getting plenty of information, but I found that at times I forgot what had just happened with a character, as we hadn't hear...more
p307
aVGenerally, I find myself in the bland majority of readers who enjoy a balanced book where everyone ends up happy in the long run, and usually none of the good guys dies. Yet, I found this book tremendously enjoyable. Most of the adult characters are scumbags, and some of the children too. Many of the characters die whether or not they are scum. Despite what I would usually consider a flaw, this equal opportunity death sentencing actually makes the book more realistic, and enjoyable in its brutal...more
p308
aVGeorge R.R. Martin makes a huge breakthrough with this well written, engrossing, and incredible tale that keeps you hooked all the way through. Martin takes fantasy into a whole different league and writes a story that the protagonist doesn't always make the right decisions and doesn't always win.The lines between good and evil are blurred. "Good" isn't always good, and "Evil" isn't always evil. Characters are given diverse personalities and therefore open up the possibility of role-reversal. It...more
p309
aVYes, yes, this is a fantasy series, and I never thought I would get into fantasy but this book is incredible. It's over 800 pages and I blew through it. I started it in February when there was plenty of snow outside and I would curl up with a blanket and tea and read until I fell asleep, which sometimes wasn't until about 2am. I read all night and all weekend and immediately started the next book in the series. The thing I liked most about this book is that each "chapter" is told through a diffe...more
p310
aVWell I must say that I think this book falls right into the top of my list with a very powerful thud, Not only was it an epic story with such an excellent well described and thought out world. But all of the people who inhabit it are described with great detail.this is tale of sorrow and despair and adventure horror excitment and lust. All of the ingrediants of a great epic story, And Martin tells his tail masterfully.Each chapter follows a different character, and at the end of each chapter I f...more
p311
aVI started in after watching the first HBO season, I Happily discovered the sordid story lines dont mesh any more they aboslutly have to. Were I given a choice to read the book and then come back to compare to the show, reading would win, filling in gaps that the show would gloss over, or then adding just the right light to the character you were reading and understanding Aria running needle though a boy and out his back.Brilliant book, but if you have to give up on one, give up on the movies, th...more
p312
aVI finished reading this a long while ago. A Game of Thrones is one of those books for me where there I enjoyed so much of it that I really don't have much to say about it! If you haven't read this and are contemplating trying it out, be warned: this is not a light read. You will spend hours and hours with your face in this book as well as it's sequels. You will find certain parts really boring and have an urge to skip entire chapters to get to the characters you like.However, for me, the benefit...more
p313
aVI wasn't sure what I had gotten myself into when I started this 800+ page fantasy novel (especially when I don't even particularly like fantasy novels), but so many of my friends love the series that I thought I'd give it a shot. After about 100 pages, I was hooked, and now I've mentally committed myself to the rest of this projected six-book series. Martin does his fantasy realistically, with well drawn characters, distinctive voices, cinematic settings, some sex and violence, and just a light...more
p314
aVSo far, I am loving this.  All the intrigue and great character building of an epic fantasy, but so far, no fantasy or magic.   This is a great, fun, read.Update: I just finished this, and it's definitely up there with some of the best books I've ever read. So well written, and very satisfying plot lines. This is a book you can really sink into. 
p315
aVthis is how fantasy books should be.  rather than a tale of the party of [3-8] adventurers questing to get the [1-4][orbs,stones,statues][of fate,of power, of the elements] to stop [the dark lord,the spreading evil], the author weaves a tale of 7 houses vying for control of the realm.  interestingly , there are no strictly good or bad characters, as the 'evil' characters have some qualities we recognize as good and the heroes have qualities we'd consider bad (one of the 'good guys' beheads a man i...more
p316
aVI have to say that I really enjoyed this book.  It didn't take away from my enjoyment either that I had enjoyed the show on HBO. The book truly stands on its own.   If anything, it made me read it even more eagerly.  The idea that I could learn more about this fascinating world drew me in more and more.   This book is mostly a Blundsgrom (sp) or a novel of education.  For some it is learning to do the right thing as with Robb and Jon, for others it is learning that being kind and merciful as with Dany...more
p317
aVI watched (and loved) the HBO TV series of 'Game of Thrones' before I read the book, and from the first episode I knew that this was a series I had to read!  And I'm glad I did.  The books are better than the TV series (which is AMAZING!).  The storyline is, of course, almost exact - but the richness of the written word creates a descriptive account which film cannot capture, and the backstory seems more fleshed-out.  I only wish I'd discovered this series sonner.  I haven't read a fantasy series as...more
p318
aVLoved it. A great first book to a series, I sometimes hear comparisons to R.R. Martin and Tolkien, often trashing Martin and saying that his world is nothing compared to Tolkien and Lord of the Rings, but I beg to differ, I really like the dynamic of Martin's world, and he paints the picture so well. I love the characters and look forward to reading the next books, I know I didn't get the disadvantage some of the diehards have of waiting years and years for the next books but nonetheless I'm gla...more
p319
aVI feel like I really want to give this book 4.5 stars, but goodreads won't allow me to. I compare every fantasy book to The Name of the Wind, which I gave 5 stars. So the book can be completely amazing, but if it wasn't equally as amazing as The Name of the Wind, I cannot, in good conscience, give it 5 stars. I blasted right through this one though, which is always a good sign. I like how GRRM starts each chapter from a different person's perspective, because it makes the story more engaging and...more
p320
aVOkay, let me just start this review with how much I just freakin' LOVED this book. Oh my god, I have never read something so fantastic like this, I just want to read it all over again and just asdskflkgdfkgl. IT IS SO ADDICTIVE, once you start, there is no way back. NO WAY BACK. I've already made a friend of mine start reading the books so basically it is THAT GOOD.Anyway, I loved the plot, the characters, I loved how each and one of them were flawed, no Mary Sue thing going on. I loved E V E R...more
p321
aVI cannot believe it took me so long to read this book. I must have started (and consequently put down) the book four or five times. Martin is a wonderful storyteller and his POV chapters are brilliantly written so the reader gets a well-rounded view into the entire story. The characters (good, bad and in-between) are intriguing and realistic. I especially loved Jon Snow and Tyrion.Be warned: Martin is famous for his cast of hundreds. I read the book with a handy family tree next to me. Once the...more
p322
aVApesar de ter ouvido falar muito bem desta saga, mesmo antes da s\u005cu00e9rie ter come\u005cu00e7ado, adiei a leitura por n\u005cu00e3o me querer envolver numa s\u005cu00e9rie t\u005cu00e3o longa e porque desconfio sempre de sagas que t\u005cu00eam um sucesso muito repentino... bem, s\u005cu00f3 me arrenpendo de n\u005cu00e3o ter come\u005cu00e7ado mais cedo. A hist\u005cu00f3ria \u005cu00e9 muito interessante e este primeiro livro serve como uma excelente introdu\u005cu00e7\u005cu00e3o \u005cu00e0s personagens e \u005cu00e0 hist\u005cu00f3ria. Come\u005cu00e7amos a conhecer cada uma das suas personagens, todas elas extremamente bem desenvolvidas em termos psi...more
p323
aVWhy I think this book deserves a perfect five is because there were no boring parts.  I kept reading and being amazed at how interested I was in the story line.  I feel attached to the characters and have picked my favorites.  
p324
aVTerrific beach read, great storytelling, compelling characters! My youngest son gave me this substantial tome for my birthday.....waited 3 months to read as I guessed correctly that once I started reading it, i wouldn't be able to put it down!
p325
aV Imagine if Tolkien had written Lord of the Rings and populated it with major characters from not only the Shire, Rivendell, Rohan and Gondor, but had ALSO provided complete, fully fleshed out characters with their own back-story and storylines (told from each character's own POV) from Mordor, Bree, The Long Lake, The Misty Mountains, Mirkwood, the Grey Havens, Far Harad, Near Harad, Dol Amroth, The Iron Hills, Umbar, Khan, and Rhun. And you find yourself at times having sympathy for characters...more
p326
aVIf you\u005cu2019re a fantasy fan then this is a MUST read as far as I\u005cu2019m concerned.  It\u005cu2019s one of the best fantasy novels (and series) out there.  It\u005cu2019s rare to get such a unique story, with lots of interesting and likeable characters and a writer who can write well and is not afraid to throw the unexpected at you. You\u005cu2019ll get all of this throughout the entire series- I highly recommend it.Supposedly there will be seven books in total so my only caution, which I unfortunately have to give, is that book four ca...more
p327
aVAwesome!   I am totally addicted to the story and thankfully I have 3 more books to read in the series.  I guess there will be a 5th book but no publication date as yet.  All the elements of an epic fantasy are there, dashing knights, treacherous plots within castle walls and beyond, romance, battles won and lost and enough magic to capture your imagination for a long time to come.  There are tons of characters who you will love or love to hate.  Thankfully there is an appendix in the back of the book...more
p328
aVI love this series! I have not loved a book/series this passionately since reading Harry Potter. The books are lengthy and sometimes quite graphic but I could not possibly think more highly of them. Can't wait for the release of the sixth!
p329
aVEpic drama, a cast of um, well lots of people,  and George Martin is still just setting the stage for the start of his hugely acclaimed series.It's page 37 and I just can't go any further.  I've been ploughing my way through it so far with gritted teeth, but I am not going to do so any longer.I don't know whether it's the genre - epic drama/fantasy is not my thing, or the actual book - a very thick, very dirty little paperback from the library, or whether it was my pal Lindsay coming round last ni...more
p330
aVI read this when it first came out and was so dismayed by events that happened, I couldn't read the subsequent volumes for a long time.  I finally reread it in anticipation of the HBO adaptation and enjoyed it a lot more.  Some people may not like how each chapter focuses on a different person--they expect or want something more linear.  And that may have been part of my problem the first time round.  But one benefit of this approach is you can put the book down at the end of a chapter because you k...more
p331
aVSo many unpredictable things happened in the plot which is what made it such a thrilling read for me.   Yet there were so many names of characters in the story which made me confused at times. The story felt slow until the second half of the book where things really got dramatic. 
p332
aVThis was great fun.  The author's storytelling prowess mostly overcomes the many instances of clich\u005cu00e9d phrasing and rather boring imagery. When I was young, I loved the Arthurian legends, and George R.R. Martin's tale celebrates much of the pageantry and romance of the medieval age and creates a compelling world, replete with direwolves, wildlings, monstrous "Others," and lurking threats beyond "the Wall."  The political intrigue is terrific.  All the human vices are here:  greed, the will to power,...more
p333
aVMy first by this author and very excited to get the next in the series.  Lots of action,  there is a whole host of characters to keep track of.  The only negative is the book ends in a strange place and if you want to know what happens you must read the next which I plan to do.  This author is not afraid yo kill off main characters.
p334
aVHaving finished book one, I feel that I have just taken the first step of a very long journey. Isn't is unusual to read a book with so few admirable people. Ned lost his cause due to his "honor", Jon his son has great potential as does Ned's youngest daughter. Bran, may do great things if he enters this "priesthood" but it isn't clear that that will happen. The eldest and youngest sons have potential to be very powerful but not necessarily in a good way, much like mom.So many more pages to go. T...more
p335
aVThis is absolutely the top of the food chain in the fantasy genre as far as I am concerned.  Not only is it top-notch fantasy, but it's become one of my favorite books ever!  This is a well-written, intricate story of many stories woven together to become one hell of a tale of love, betrayal, family, honor, deception, war, magic name it, it has it and cleverly so.There is so much going on in this story that I can't begin to tell it especially when the first book is just the beginning of this epic...more
p336
aVHands down the best fantasy series ever written.  George R.R. Martin doesn't concern himsef with dragons, wizards and pixie dust, he goes right to something much much worse, human beings.Killing off main characters with each issue he completely enthrails the reader because you never know who's next.He wraps you in the story with political intrique of the times, and the constant backstabbing, of kings, queens and journeyman that make you totally forget dragons, wizards and pixie dust.A must read f...more
p337
aVComplete review (portuguese version: 2 parts)-Plot: 5                 -Characters Development: 5 -Writing Style: 3       -Consistency/realism: 5  -Entertaining: 5         -Creativity/predictability: 4 -Emotional Impact: 2-Intellectual Impact: 2 
p338
aVHaving watched the series first off you notice how closely they followed the books. Not a bad thing - for me it helped to flesh out the series and give life to the books -- the extra details of the cities, characters, surroundings just add to the story. for an 800+ page book a very fast read. Can't wait for the next season and on to Clash of Kings.
p339
aVThis book has been one of the best books I have ever read. It had me on such a rollercoaster with all of the characters. At the end I was literally out of mind reading everything that was happening and not believing that it just happened. If you have heard of this book or just looking for a fantastic read, I suggest you go out and read this book at once. I can't wait to read the next books in the series and can't believe I haven't heard of this book before. Also if you haven't seen the HBO show...more
p340
aVI finished this about an hour ago, and all I have to say is WOW! This book is so worth reading, no matter what other reviews say. My favorite characters in the end were Daenerys Targaryen, Jon Snow and Tyrion Lannister. The Book ends on multiple cliffhangers, and Daenerys's final chapter is so captivating. Now, when I pick up the second book I hope I won't have lost the flow from other books read in between.This is my pick for the best book ever written, and although it takes a lot of devotion t...more
p341
aVI've never have been a fantasy genre person, but I do like historical and science fiction. Wow. I won't write a  full review here, you can read that on Goodreads and Amazon, but this book has lived up to its hype and may have changed my mind about fantasy fiction. A huge tome clocking in at over 700 pages, G.R.R.M. writes a rich tale full of characters with depth involved in multiple intertwining stories. The first few chapters are difficult in that dozens of characters are introduced, but ser, h...more
p342
aVThis is a long, complex book with the feel of a really good, accurage historical fiction but it is actually total fiction.  Add a touch of fantasy, tons of intrigue and characters who are all equally flawed and heroic and you have an absolutely fantastic read.  Get ready to settle in for some long sessions with this book and some cocoa or a glass of wine.  I listened on CD because the book wasn't available at the library and then borrowed the book from a friend.  Both were equally fascinating.  The n...more
p343
aVWow! this book is epic! nothing I have ever read has come close including Tolkien who I am a huge fan of! Complex characters and fantastic story lines that you cant wait to read on to find out what happens! I also loved the way each chapter is from another characters perceptive, I think it keeps it from getting boring for such a long book! The only downside is the amount of places and names through the book, I found myself reading a page twice to try and understand it better! A action filled boo...more
p344
aVTo put it bluntly - "When you play the game of thrones you either win or die".We start the book with terror and end in slaughter. Needless to say this book isn't for the feint hearted. The mystery that steers the story includes incest and spite. The path to war starts with a whisper on a pillow and there are countless scenes of deceit, degradation and debauchery besides but I could not put this book down. I am desperately seeking a dire wolf,  in love with Daenrogo (like what I did there?) and ne...more
p345
aVI'm reading the original novel right now and though it would be interesting to give the graphic novel a shot at the same time to see how well it blends in. Unfortunately, I was rather disappointed. The graphic novel would make sense only you're familiar with the story. Despite being based on the novel (not the show), it only manages to provide little snippets of information and relies heavily on the readers knowledge of this fantasy realm.
p346
aVI couldn't put this book down! I loved that each chapter was devoted to one character I feel it made me have a more personal bond and understanding of each one. I loved tyrion lannister and Jon Snow the two more misunderstood characters in the book. Even though this is the longest book I've ever read I didn't feel bored once I found it easy to follow and not predictable which I'm glad of. I cannot wait to read the books to follow and will definatley be getting the boxset of DVDs! I am officially...more
p347
aVAfter watching and enjoying the Game of Thrones TV series I borrowed this first book from my brother. I thought the book would be much more detailed and considerably different to the onscreen version, as most books are, but in truth it kept to the book remarkably well. Unfortunately this meant precious few surprises and well established character profiles making it difficult to assess the book properly. The fact that I still found the story engaging is promising after the spoiler of the TV serie...more
p348
aVYes yes yes yes yes. I absolutely loved this book. I started off (and 3/4ths of the way through) in the audiobook format, but ended up switching to the book just because the audiobook was 30+ hours long.Audiobook specific review: fantastic narration, and once I got used the accent, I was very reluctant to switch formats. But when the battle came, time constraints and the need to go faster forced my to switch formats.Ugh I love everything about this 'verse. Just ask Julie. She knows.
p349
aV(Not actually a review.  Others have done that perfectly well.  This is actually a reminder to myself \u005cu2014 and a pointer to anyone else that stumbles over here \u005cu2014 that The Atlantic has a significant and enthusiastic series of blog posts discussing the HBO adaptation of this series.  Hmmm, I only gave this four stars?  I guess so \u005cu2014 the third book is when the series hit its high notes, and convinced me that this is the best epic fantasy series ever written.)
p350
aV4.5/5 starsThe only reason I don't feel it's a clear five stars is because of all the battle scenes.  Those parts dragged a bit for me.  Can't wait to get to the second book!
p351
aVA heavy but captivating fantasy book, set in an elaborate and complex world with multiple layers and colorful characters. We follow a number of different characters throughout the book and the multiple points of view were a bit frustrating at times, since naturally not all of them are equally likable.A lot of key points of the story were known to me (damn spoilers...) but even so, the story was very enjoyable. I am looking forward to reading the next book, for which I'm happy to say I haven't re...more
p352
aVOne of the best reads ever, I swear. Although it was quite a long journey, it was worth it! I grieve for Lord Eddard though. He was a good man. The display of medieval injustice portrayed in this book was so detailed and intricate that I swear I could have been raging war alongside the characters! I also appreciate that Mr. Martin didn't go all out on the medieval speaking or else I wouldn't have understood any of it. Loved it to bits! I can't form a coherent review right now due its brilliance....more
p353
aV"When you play a game of thrones you win or you die. There is no middle ground."Read this book very slowly and you will love it.Enough reasons to pick this book.* different point of views* war, politics* way too many interesting characters* plenty of subplots* kings and knights* every single character is flawed* No single hero or villain* Epic fantasy* Martin's writing, dialogues* twists and turns that you don't expect* "Age of empires" live in actionJon and Arya are my favorite characters so fa...more
p354
aVWhile I was traveling back from Switzerland I had a chance to read the rest of A Game of Thrones, I really enjoyed it.  I will have to wait to read the second back as my wife is reading it at the moment.  The characters were well written about, I enjoyed the plot and can't wait to see where it goes.  Like I said previously some of the characters are just terrible human beings if they were real I'd not feel bad about punching them square in the face.  I will try to see if I can find the episodes from...more
p355
aVIntensely gripping. Very personal when you feel for the characters. Know that its a cruel cruel world to be in. But the connection you make with the characters makes you want to know what happens to them and makes you stick to them.I would never compare this book with LOTR as its has very different characteristics. Whereas(Overall) LOTR is beautiful, this book sparsely is. Whereas LOTR has more shades of black and white, Morality in this book is mostly grey.This book is food for anyone who likes...more
p356
aVit took longer than i thought i would. life just got in the way of reading this book. although it took 3 tries to finally get this one down (with so many players in the book, the appendices were a big help), after the first 100 pages, i was kicking myself in the butt why i didnt get to read this the time i bought it (only 180 pesos from fully booked then). it is really a must read for fantasy readers who arent mortified with the number of pages in the books. if you enjoyed ken follet's pillars o...more
p357
aVUpdate on re-read: I enjoyed this even more the second time around. It's amazing how many things I picked up on that I missed the first time. I'm looking forward both to re-reading the rest of the series as well as A Dance with Dragons.--------------Elaborate and epic, as most fantasy books are, the thing I like best about these is his character development. A cut above most things of the sort.
p358
aVGet back to me after Clash of Kings. It's really hard to judge this book, because I watched the show first, so I knew the milestones. I knew the lulls. This was also the first book I read on an E-reader (I couldn't really check out the maps, no big deal). Although I don't see myself branching out to other fantasy series, I'll read the Fire and Ice books til the end. Martin actually is a good writer, and not just an imaginative one. Let's bring on this Stannis fellow. I'm expecting some serious f...more
p359
aVThe first really long fantasy book I've read (if you don't count Lord of the Rings) and I enjoyed it, but didn't think it was as great as everyone else seems to think.  The characters, which seem to be what everyone likes about the series, are ok, but some of them are pretty flat.  I bought the next one and have started it, but I stopped about halfway through and haven't gone back to it.  I guess I should've taken a break in between books.  I will finish the series some day because I like to know ho...more
p360
aVI received this as a gift a while ago, and last month started reading it. I had heard about it plenty, and wasn't sure what to expect because not all books meet their hype (Twilight was just awful) but from the first chapter this book sucked me right in. I know some people didn't like the shifting POV's, but in this book it actually worked out quite well for me because of the various storylines.I also notice some of the negative reviewers were complaining about violence and rape. Yes, this story...more
p361
aVSeries 5/14/2006 - 10/10I re-read this series because the long awaited 4th book finally came out. I liked the first three just as much as the first time around. The fourth book only contains half the viewpoints from the series so it seems rather incomplete. It didn't engross me as much as the earlier books (although to be fair, I was a little busy, just starting to date Christine). I'm still eagerly awaiting the fifth book (which is really the second half of the fourth book).12/20 - game of thro...more
p362
aVGeorge Martin has created perhaps the most organic "lived-in" world since J.R.R. Tolkien. You feel as if you are getting a glimpse, but only ever a partial slice, of an actual world. Part of what makes this world feel so organic is its historical plausibility--but this work is not historical fiction. It is true fantasy, setting on another world with a radically different orbit (and, hence, seasons) than Earth (or perhaps it is set on Earth in the far, far future). However, every event that happe...more
p363
aVActually read the first four books of this series.  My rating would actually be 4.5 of 5.  The reason it's not more is the following:  Book four changes writing styles completely -  in the sense that characters and plot lines that were developed in the first book which carry-on in the second and third novel, disappear and are not seen at all in the fourth novel.  The author explains that he'd written the fourth book and that it was so long that he cut it in two, with the fifth book to follow within a...more
p364
aVWow.  Except for the prologue, you start off with pretty basic feudal factionism and political intrigue, and then you get to about the 80-page mark and realize this might be a little different than the standard sword/horse fare.I love the way Martin organizes chapters in this series, by character point of view.  You get to see bits of who they are and why they do the things they do, which really enriches the story when you start seeing chapters from some of the "villains'" points of view.  The poli...more
p365
aVI read books 1 thru 3 of this series and I can't recommend them. The first book started out well. Good character development and the characters felt like real people. This type of reality was carried through all three books with people being neither all good or all bad (except for Queen Cersei who was the only flat character, too bad she is featured prominently and affects everything). The first quarter of the first book is quite enthralling with complex life and death politics, family interacti...more
p366
aVI only write brief reviews. No spoilers.The book was mature, but I do not feel it is as dark or gritty as many would lead you to believe.  There are adult topics, but it the book is not filled with them.  There is word that many people are killed in the series and it is not one to get attached to any one character; I find this not as true either.  Yes people die, characters you like or some importance, but it is hardly the clearly house other may lead you to believe.  To rebut another common concept...more
p367
aVA beef jerky like hunk of a book, with lots of posturing, power struggles, corruption, backstabbing, sex, war, and just a hint of the magical. The time and place remind me of T. H. White's Once and Future King. It's not "great literature" but it is an ass-kicking story with some of the most memorable characters of any book I've read.Although, if you can't stand a book where you need to reference an appendix to remember how the cast of characters are all connected, this may not be the book for yo...more
p368
aVA unique almost post-modern take on medieval fantasy fiction.  Which entertained me enough to finish, and will eventually read the next book in the series.  It does have it's faults, which are glaring and present, but it tells a grand tale with enough intrigue for me to continue turning the pages.Two complaints I've noticed in the reviews are the lack of depth to characters, and the overt sexuality in the novel.  The first is honestly laughable.  Will you seriously compare the large amount of multid...more
p369
aVI am not very widely read, so this epic's epiphany may not apply to everyone.  These comments apply to a Song of Ice and Fire, in total...This series has presented, for me, an eye-opening approach to fantasy - realism.  It was, at first, refreshing.  After a while, however, it grew burdensome.  The romantic escapism often provided me in the fantasy genre was fleeting and bittersweet, to say the least.  Honor, love, and the struggle for good all take stage, though they are often awash in oceans of blo...more
p370
aV...I'm drained after reading it. Look, if you're considering reading the Game of Thrones saga then you probably already have seen at least the first season of the hit HBO series. Now, it's a pretty consistent statement saying that the book is always better than the movie/show. This is true of this first book. The details the author provides in simply describing a suit of armor a character is wearing is pretty in depth and cool. The history you get of different characters reveals a lot of depth t...more
p371
aVWell, I'm not done yet, but it's definitely living up to expectations so far. The writing is pretty tight, and while not "literary," Martin does a good job with his characterizations, making most of the characters (and their motivations) quite complex. I liken it to a political LOTR, in much the same way as "Dune" improved upon the Star Wars theme by adding in political treachery. Also, from what I've read so far, and having watched the HBO series through Season 2, I have to say two things. Firs...more
p372
aVNe mogu opisati rije\u005cu010dima koliko sam o\u005cu010darana ovom knjigom, pa zato ovaj post ne bude toliko duga\u005cu010dak.George R. R. Martin je genije, a nikad nisam imala ve\u005cu0107u potrebu re\u005cu0107i za nekog pisca(mo\u005cu017eda budem za Tolkiena kad pro\u005cu010ditam gospodara prstenova). Pro\u005cu010ditala sam prije njegovu Pjesmu sudnjeg dana i nije me toliko o\u005cu010darala. Mislim ne\u005cu0107u kritizirati tu knjigu (tko sam ja da osu\u005cu0111ujem ovog genija), jednostavno meni se nije ta knjiga dopala, bila mi je nerazumljiva i nije to bio moj ukus, ali knjiga je bila od...more
p373
aV\u005cu201cS\u005cu00f3lo existe un dios y su nombre es Muerte. Y solamente hay una cosa que le decimos a la muerte: Hoy no\u005cu201d.George R. R. Martin, Juego de tronos.Juego de tronos es la primera entrega en una serie de novelas llamada Canci\u005cu00f3n de hielo y fuego.Esta primera parte cuenta una historia \u005cu00e9pica de honor y traici\u005cu00f3n, amor y odio, intriga y hero\u005cu00edsmo desarrollada en un mundo en el que las estaciones pueden durar a\u005cu00f1os. La historia gira alrededor de los Stark del helado reino de Invernalia, una familia cuyo legado...more
p374
aVThis book is a treasure trove for TV executives with a huge wad of money seeking a TV spin-off of Lord of the Rings.  Though the TV series is reknowned for its adult content, Martin's writing comes closer to Young Adult in style (though the scenes he describes are very graphic).  The setting is an easily recogniseable medieval fantasy land, a jumbled-up Dark-Ages Europe with one or two hints of the supernatural.  Characterisation is straight from a catalogue: Ruthless/Perverse Prince, Ambitious/Sch...more
p375
aVHonestly I was disappointed by this book. I was expecting it to be much better based off friends who I knew had read it. Instead of some epic fantasy with political intrigue and battles and what-not I get halfbaked plot lines and dizzying storytelling. I felt like I was on the spinning teacup ride at Disney land, going from one characters POV to the next in such a jerky fashion that it felt like things were moving along until I glance down at the page number and realize 100 pages have gone by an...more
p376
aVGiven all the popularity of the HBO show, I finally decided I need to read the first book. I haven't actually watched the series--I like to know what it is based on first. I wasn't sure I'd like the book. It is a hefty tome and I'm always leery of hefty tomes. I must say that I did enjoy the book quite well. Enough so that I was extremely unhappy with the actions of some of the characters and liked others in spite of their actions--all of which points to well-crafted characters. I did not find t...more
p377
aVA Song of Ice and Fire Book 1 Game of Thrones takes place in the awesome world of Westerose. The book follows the Seven Kingdoms and the political subterfuge as the lords play their game of thrones. There are a lot of characters that adds depth to the story. The main houses are House Stark, House Lannister, House Targaryen, Barathorn, Tully, Arryn, Tyrell, and Greygoy. The story begins when The King comes to Winterfell, home of the Starks, to appoint Ned Stark to be King\u005cu2019s Hand after the last on...more
p378
aVEste libro lo tiene todoLa verdad yo no sab\u005cu00eda con lo que me iba a encontrar en este libro, francamente su tama\u005cu00f1o me intimidaba y el echo de que fuera una saga me aterraba por la cantidad de p\u005cu00e1g. Y por el echo de que cada libro es m\u005cu00e1s grande que el anterior pero sin duda una vez que lo empiezas no puedes evitar sumergirte en este mundo medieval pero es como si fuera otro mundo. Tengo que decir que al principio me costo agarrarle el ritmo y no por que fuera aburrido ni lento , no m\u005cu00e1s bien por que...more
p379
aVI am sadly one of the people who started reading the A Song of Ice and Fire series after I watched the first season on HBO. Another thing that makes me sad is that I did not find these books sooner. The series is one of the best I've read in a very long time. A Game of Thrones perfectly sets the stage of the massive story lines. The story is detailed enough that its easy to picture landscapes and people. The characters are to die for. Some of them draw your affection quickly and you cannot wait...more
p380
aVA puzzling book of mismatched ideas. For the most part I didn't buy it and I didn't like it. What I liked:As a fantasy story I liked that of Jon Snow, the bastard son of lord Eddard. Since this type of story has been written a thousand times, it's not special enough to base a whole book on it, but I found it engaging. I want him to solve the mystery of his missing uncle and see out his struggle between his new obligations to the Night's Watch and his sense of duty to his brothers. The fantasy wo...more
p381
aVAt first I was hesitant to start the series. I watched a few episodes of the TV series on HBO and although the plot was interesting the amount of violence and sex in the TV series turned me off. Then I saw a huge display for the series in my local Barnes & Nobles (as apparently season 3 of A Game of Thrones is starting on HBO) and I decided, hey, why not give the books a try? I'm not an avid fantasy reader, but I have read the Lord of the Rings series and am a huge fan of Tolkien so I figure...more
p382
aVGreat book.First season of the show is the first book.I watched the first season prior to reading it, and it is very similar to the book. I am happy I red the book AFTER seeing the show. The show is more dramatic and entertaining, and the book adds more detail and history. You learn a lot of back story and such that you would not know if you only watched the show.Where the book says "a man was beheaded", the episode would show it in detail, and in turn make you more bothered by it. It really is...more
p383
aVThis hardback version is similar to Folio Society books, high(er) quality paper, sewn bindings instead of glued, comes in a durable slipcase, nice illustrations (including a map). My biggest complaint is that the silver comes off very easily, read this version for a while and you get glitter everywhere. but then I did pay less than $8 for a new copy.The first book in the Game of Thrones series starts off extended plot but it's more or less a "getting know to know Westeros" guide. You learn the c...more
p384
aVGame of Thrones is one of my favorite book series, and with Season 3 of the TV show starting up in late March I wanted to go back and reread the series from the beginning. I already have Book 3, A Storm of Swords, reviewed from earlier in the year. However I have not read Books 1 and 2 in the series for a while, so I wanted to go back and refresh my memory.Book 1, A Game of Thrones, sets the tone for the story in a very good way. From the first few pages you can tell that this is a very serious...more
p385
aVI love Martin's Game of Throne series.  I must have been in my early twenties the first time that I read it and then there was the long arduous wait for the next book to come out - which I am waiting to read until I have re-read the entire series again so that it is still fresh in my mind.  In parallel, it has been a great pleasure to watch the HBO series and to see it spark fresh interest in the books.It's been fascinating reading such polarising reviews of the book.  Personally, I love this epic...more
p386
aV\u005ctWhen my friends would talk about this book, an the show based off of it, they made it sound much like it would be essentially a whole lot of nothing but sex and murder.  I on the other hand found it to be rather different than they described, there is still the mention of both of these themes from time to time, but no where near as much as they made me think I would.  I am still in the middle of the book, or a bit after the middle but around that the point, I look forward to finishing this book....more
p387
aVI respect this book more than I actually liked it. Meaning, I recognize that it was amazingly written and think it's probably one of the best modern fantasy series out there, but it just wasn't my cup of tea.It was way too political for me, and I found myself not caring who lived or died, all the while growing steadily more irate each time a new character got a perspective chapter. I really do not care who eventually takes the throne later in the series, which is basically the entire plot. Ultim...more
p388
aVI shouldn't say this. No one should ever say this. This is blasphemy, I know, high treason. Well, let's start with the part that won't automatically dispatch the Writer's Union Secret Police. I love this story. I really do. It's utterly engaging from start to finish and peopled with a cast that I want to meet (provided that I have my trans-dimensional emergency escape button in case of imminent beheading, of course). The writing is marginal, but passable, even given the overuse of trite phrases...more
p389
aVThis series is tough to read. There are times you have to force yourself to read a chapter, or part of a chapter, or even a description of an event. But if you get into it, you will enjoy the series. Keeping names of smaller characters straight will be hard, unless you have a great recall of things from memory. The main characters will change throughout as new people are brought in to play larger roles in the storyline. Overall, I enjoyed the book and did begin reading the second immediately. A...more
p390
aVadev\u005cu0103rat, romanul lui george raymond richard martin este ca un drog, intri \u005cu00een lumea lui \u005cu0219i nu vrei s\u005cu0103 mai ie\u005cu0219i. scriitorul este p\u005cu0103ianjenul care te prinde \u005cu00een plasa lui \u005cu0219i te \u005cu00eenv\u005cu0103luie cu cele peste 900 de pagini. probabil c\u005cu0103 punctul forte al seriei sunt personajele (c\u005cu00e2teva zeci). fiecare capitol, purt\u005cu00e2nd numele c\u005cu00e2te unui personaj, \u005cu00ee\u005cu021bi aduce perspectiva acestuia, reu\u005cu0219ind cu u\u005cu0219urin\u005cu021b\u005cu0103 s\u005cu0103 nu te lase p\u005cu00e2n\u005cu0103 nu-l preferi pe unul, pe care s\u005cu0103-l urm\u005cu0103re\u005cu0219ti cu limba scoas\u005cu0103 dup\u005cu0103 aceea. p\u005cu00e2n\u005cu0103 acum, mie mi-a pl\u005cu0103cu...more
p391
aVLa Saga de Fantas\u005cu00eda \u005cu00c9pica del momento. Una saga que he empezado tres veces con esta (cada vez consiguiendo avanzar un libro m\u005cu00e1s... aunque en esta ocasi\u005cu00f3n tengo planteado leerme hasta el quinto, a un ritmo mayor de la escritura de Martin). No, no es que se me hiciera pesado (que tambi\u005cu00e9n a veces) sino que se trata del tipo de libros que tienes como "segunda lectura" mientras est\u005cu00e1s ley\u005cu00e9ndote otros. \u005cu00bfPor qu\u005cu00e9? os preguntar\u005cu00e9is. B\u005cu00e1sicamente, porque cada veinte p\u005cu00e1ginas tienes que recapacitar sobre todo...more
p392
aVGame of Thrones is an amazing book that really encompasses a lot of different views and such to bring about this great book. It brings lots of fantasy and war and magical properties that really set this book apart. The characters are mostly Ned Stark who is the lord of Winterfell and a leader of the rebellion to dethrone the Mad King, his best friend and also the King Robert Baratheon. The King wishes for Ned to become the Hand of the King which is basically his second in command and has almost...more
p393
aVYeah, I live under a rock. I haven't yet watched the HBO show based on these books, though I intend to someday. I've been recommended this book series so many times by so many different people that I finally had to check it out. I'd been burned out on fantasy stories ever since giving up on Robert Jordan's Wheel of Time series in the middle of the 8th book (way too many goddamn meandering, going-nowhere story-lines. I hear the series finally wrapped up nicely, so maybe in my next life I'll give...more
p394
aVOk, here is the thing about this book, I love the characters, I love the setting. The book is very long but you never feel bored and you never are certain of what is gonna happen next, that is unless you watched it on HBO. But the thing about George R. R. Martin is that he is obviously the type of person who was rooting for the empire to win when he was watching Star Wars, or at the very least the type who thought the empire should win because that made more sense. That Vader should have killed...more
p395
aVWell here it is.  The first volume of what has now become one of the most beloved fantasy series of all time.  It's difficult to review single books in series, as typically speaking, you must take the whole series into account when attempting to judge the work as a whole.  After all, how can you properly judge whether or not you liked a story when it hasn't been completed?  Yet here I am, writing a review for a single book in a massive and ever expanding series that may eventually end some 15-20 yea...more
p396
aVFirst off, I'm rather surprised at some of the negative reviews on this book, though don't get me wrong, I respect people's opinions.However I find people criticize the novel for things which is what makes it good in the first place. I think a lot of fantasy fans just expected the usual dragons, supernatural beings, and adventuring--but Martin did that and more. Politics play a huge role! The enemy isn't a specific race or person, it's everybody and anybody. You're hit when you expect it, and yo...more
p397
aVOk so the book was absolutely amazing! I haven't read anything this epic in a long time, it must take a tremendously skilled writer to be able to write an 800 page book, and be able to write like 6 more in the same series! Praise for George R. R. Martin.So I would have liked if the font was bigger, the book was bigger, and just the spacing was larger. The most annoying part was the format of the pages itself, it was so small and made it inconvenient to read. But nonetheless, I could still enjoy...more
p398
aVI admit I saw the series before I read the book and was already hooked, but the important elements remain unaltered.GRRM has created an interesting and detailed world. I'm all about world building when it comes to Fantasy, so this is a big plus.He has also created some astounding characters. When was the last time that someone had the guts to ignore PC and put a dwarf in a story, much less make him a king's son that actually dealt with the issues that his dwarfism caused? And rather than make hi...more
p399
aVI liked aspects of this book - there were characters I was intrigued by (Jon Snow, Catelyn, Tyrion as the book wore on). The opening with these mysterious Others who are roaming the forest and killing people was interesting. The question of who should be ruling the realm kept my attention throughout, although there's nothing really new about that sort of fighting among kingdoms and potential heirs.I didn't like the writing a lot of the time. It was just so overwrought. I wished we didn't have to...more
p400
aVAbout six months after my friends started repeatedly telling me I should watch HBO\u005cu2019s Game of Thrones because \u005cu2018it was right up my street\u005cu2019, I finally managed to sit down and begin with the tv series. I was quickly hooked and therefore, as a typical bibliophile, couldn\u005cu2019t wait to read the books. The bookstore was conveniently selling a box including the first, second, third and fourth book and, even more conveniently, my boyfriend understood that this would be the perfect present for valentine\u005cu2019s day...more
p401
aVGame of Thrones needs no introduction. The first book in a series planned to last seven, it's fame has been enhanced or even superseded by the eponymous television series. Having heard a lot about it and receiving numerous strong recommendations I finally picked it up. The book starts off rather slowly,with the author seeking to establish the universe and build background for characters. There are almost too many characters with complex histories which can make the book appear daunting at first....more
p402
aVIn the kingdom of Westeros, King Robert Baratheon has taken the throne by force from Mad King Aerys II. Robert's wife, Cersei is a Lannister - devious and power hungry and she plots to oust the King and supplant him with her son Joffrey (begat from her incestuous relationship with her brother Jaime). The King travels to Winterfell to enlist the help of his old friend Ned Stark, while in the far North, the Night's Watch do battle against the barbarians of the cold wastes. Across the narrow seas t...more
p403
aVA Game of Thrones was an excellent book, full of political intrigue, deception clashing with honor, and mysteries abounding. In the North, Jon Snow, the bastard of Eddard Stark, goes to the wall where he joins the Night's Watch, a brotherhood who walk on the Wall, a massive construction of ice with which the Realm of the Seven Kingdoms is kept safe from the Wildlings and other things far to the north. In the south, the Hand of the King has died and Eddard Stark, the king's friend has been named...more
p404
aVDebo reconocer que empec\u005cu00e9 a leer el libro despu\u005cu00e9s de haber visto las primeras dos temporadas de "Game of Thrones" en HBO y aunque es HBO con todo y su monumental calidad aqu\u005cu00ed anda aplicando lo que dicen los que saben: "Nothing beats the book!".Al principio es complicado separar las escenas de la serie de las del libro y luego evitar las comparaciones y/o diferencias que pueden quitar un poco de ritmo a la lectura. Pero en las p\u005cu00e1ginas uno se encuentra pensamientos, gestos y acciones que enriquece...more
p405
aVGame of Thrones Caution: This is my first time writing a long detailed review. While I will be trying not to reveal any big spoilers, then again there is a television series about the books. So there should be no problem. Also while I might not be revealing spoilers, I will be talking about other people\u005cu2019s opinions, because I find it kind of dumb. I am also going to brutally honest on my review to fault. Now that\u005cu2019s done. Let the review begin.Game of Thrones is the first book to A Song of Ice and...more
p406
aVI had been told about the depth of both characters and location, I could scarcely believe it until now. The detail in every aspect (clothing, mannerisms, journeys), the scale of everything - the sweeping forests to the huge castles, not to mention the wall itself.A dirty, stinking, down the mud beautiful, masterful piece of writing. Can't wait to read the rest.
p407
aVUndertaking the reading of the series "A song of Fire and Ice" is not for the faint of heart.  It is, however, a joyful enterprise.The first book in the series is A Game of Thrones.  It is the kind of rich literature that any fan of character driven fiction should read. Martin's writing is very tight, fluid, and has a smart, professional quality. The setting sets itself apart from other fantasy settings by being quite realistic when compared to other fantasy novels. The world is populated by human...more
p408
aVGame of Thrones is a very complicated, but fantastically written novel. Where the characters are so numerous one has difficulty at times remembering who is who and where there is no lead character at all. In Martin's first book "Game of Thrones" and in the series as a whole "A Song of Ice and Fire", we hear the narrative voices of many characters, all of whom are of equal importance.In the first book, "Game of Thrones" we come to meet the four families in which the book circulates around. We hav...more
p409
aVI was told by many of my friends that I should read this book because it seemed like it was something I would enjoy.  However I was very reluctant at first because generally I don't like to read books that EVERYONE is reading due to the fact people generally make it seem 'sooooo awesome!' and then it's a let down, also I'm stubborn and don't like to do be told what to do.  *hehe*  I decided to read it because I watched a trailer for the show  which looked pretty neat-o and figured the book is always...more
p410
aVI started this book expecting it to be one of those completely inedible and annoying and over-hyped books. While I agree it is quite inedible at turns, Martin keeps the plot well-paced enough that I would like to try the second book. While I can do without Dany and that party, I am quite eager to know more about Jon Snow and Arya Stark and Tyrion Lannister. I think for the next books I am planning on skimming over the incestuous sex part and focus on the main plot of the book. This is going to b...more
p411
aVFor its genre, Game of Thrones is a terrific read, with some of the most memorable characters I've encountered in a long while, and an epic scale and depth comparable to that of Tolkien. Pitting the ambitious and wealthy Lannisters against the honorable House of Stark (among numerous other clans and subplots) the novel blends the harsh northern light of a saga with the jewel tones of fantasy and the iron clang of a war novel. I first heard of the book through the HBO series. Thus, I knew what ha...more
p412
aVA Game of ThronesThis is a big, burly political fantasy set in a pseudo-medieval world.  For some reason, technology has never progressed beyond the making of steel.  There is just the possibility that the more advanced technology existed previously (there are references to long spans of time \u005cu2014 like 10,000 years) and the planet (not earth, more on that in a minute) was reverted to a more primitive state.Each chapter is written from the point of view of one of the main characters, of which there ar...more
p413
aVI had read Game of Thrones the first time a few years ago, and after finishing it had put the series down. Between the ruthlessness of Martin's writing, the number of despicable people portrayed, and my own status as a deserter of Robert Jordan's "Wheel of Time" series, I had no interest in investing further time.Recently I have been convinced to give the series a second chance, and I do so warily, with much trepidation. The plot, characters, and summary of actions are all available via multiple...more
p414
aVOn the levels of sentence, character and plotting, this is one of the best genre novels I've ever read. The only small criticism I have is its somewhat mechanical structure. Most chapters are fairly short (7-10 pages) and they all follow a single character. Because the novel jumps back and forth between characters so often, it sometimes feels like you are rudely jerked out of a storyline just when it starts to get interesting. Certain characters are far more engaging or likable than others. I fo...more
p415
aVAll I remember was it sucked my life from me.  In a good way.  "Good way?" you say, incredulous.  Yes.  I lived in my bed for a weekend.  I failed to eat.  I refused to sleep.  I very occasionally had to get up to shuffle to the bathroom because I couldn't go two days without a glass of water (or more accurately, Mountain Dew) on my bedside table.  I could not stop reading.  Could not.  Twisty, twiny story-lines.  Obsessed with the Direwolves and the bastard son and the whole mystery surrounding him and pr...more
p416
aVGame of Thrones by George R.R. MartinI have something to admit: I came to this book through the tv show. I kept hearing about this great show based on an epic series of books by George R. R. Martin and I had to check it out. I instantly became a fan and naturally became curious about the books. I debated whether or not  to read them or wait until after the tv series was finished so as not to spoil the anticipation. I decided I couldn't wait that long and began reading. I'm glad that I did. The bo...more
p417
aVI have only one word to describe A Game of Thrones: epic. I cannot believe how good this book is. Usually, I\u005cu2019m afraid to read adult fantasy because of its length, large cast of characters (which is very confusing to catch on) and large amount of boring/useless details. Well, George R.R. Martin proved me wrong for all the reasons. All of the characters were brilliantly written. I can\u005cu2019t help but love most of the characters because they were just so human and believable. I loved how the story was t...more
p418
aVI read A Game of Thrones after being introduced to the series through HBOs remake of the A Song of Ice and Fire novels. Instantly after watching the first series I needed to know more, what was going to happen to my favourite characters; always hoping that the Joffery was going to die soon. Although, I decided to read the first novel before skipping to A Clash of Kings as it would be an insult to the book if I did not read it. The result was spectacular; I wished I had the read novel first. It w...more
p419
aVFantasy is probably my favorite genre. Unfortunately, after years of disappointments from the genre I was about ready to give up on finding "the next one" -- the kind of book I stay up late and ignore responsibilities and eating to continue reading. A Song of Ice and Fire exploded into the scene, and I was a latecomer. I was afraid that it had been too hyped up for me to enjoy, or that it would be another disappointment. I wasn't really interested, but I was curious. My old friend from 8th grade...more
p420
aV\u005cu201cGame of Names.\u005cu201d This is my nickname for the first book out of George R.R. Martin\u005cu2019s first book of his \u005cu201cA Song of Fire and Ice\u005cu201d series. Yes, it is wordy. Yes, it\u005cu2019s confusing, and, at times, provocative, unpredictable, or pointless, but wholesomely worth the first few hundred pages of back ground and court-talk.In the first book of the \u005cu201cA Song of Fire and Ice\u005cu201d series, we spend much of our time focuses on the Stark family of Winterfell. Content with their cozy life at home in the frigid north, the...more
p421
aV A NEW ORIGINAL SERIES, NOW ON HBO.Here is the first volume in George R. R. Martin\u005cu2019s magnificent cycle of novels that includes A Clash of Kings and A Storm of Swords. As a whole, this series comprises a genuine masterpiece of modern fantasy, bringing together the best the genre has to offer. Magic, mystery, intrigue, romance, and adventure fill these pages and transport us to a world unlike any we have ever experienced. Already hailed as a classic, George R. R. Martin\u005cu2019s stunning series is destin...more
p422
aVRave, rave, rave. I'm not usually into Fantasy, dragons and all that, but I had heard a lot about this book (and its made for tv series) so read a sample on iBooks. I was definitely intrigued so I bought the iBook - OMG! Could not put it down! It's definitely a complicated book with a myriad of important characters and places and story lines to keep up with, but with the iBook I was able to use the search function to remind myself of things when I got lost, which was a great help until I got to...more
p423
aV"So this is what high fantasy is supposed to be like"I was intrigued by the mythos and wanted to read the books before watching the TV show, although I must say that the screenshots and clips look tantalizing now that I have become acquainted with the book.I could say many great things about the details of this book, but I first and foremost appreciate the epic feel. I suppose this is exactly what high fantasy is supposed to be like. It reminds me of when I first heard Zeppelin, thinking that's...more
p424
aVEpic fantasies are one of the greatest things to read, in my opinion. They take you on an incredible journey, one away from your own, where you delve into the world of these unforgettable characters.I\u005cu2019d like to get this off my chest: Winter is coming.At first, it was a bit slow, nothing too fancy or outstanding, but give it time, I promise it will get better. I like to give things chances, even if they don\u005cu2019t immediately hold my attention, and I\u005cu2019m glad that I did. I fell in love with two of the c...more
p425
aVSo many more and tastier dimensions have been added to my GoT fangirl experience. GRRM grows as a writer as the series goes along, I'm finding, but he must've done a ton (if not all) of the plot-mapping upfront in order to bob and weave characters in such unforced, motivated ways. The plot points are organized around revealing incisive and poignant dynamics of human nature, family, love, betrayal, gender/sexuality, duty, courage, destiny--somehow fresh takes on really universal themes. The chara...more
p426
aVThis series has been on my to-read list for a long time. At first I held out on watching the tv show because in my experience the books defeat the movie every time. But when I watched the first few episodes at a friend's house, I was hooked immediately. I had heard muttered complaints here and there about the series - the amounts of deaths, the lack of engaging characters to identify oneself with - but I don't agree with these complaints at all. I am not generally interested in "war stories" but...more
p427
aVA Game of Thrones       I really enjoyed reading this novel. Written by George R. R. Martin, " A Game of Thrones" takes place in a middle earth kind of land called Westeros. There are many plots in this novel. Many events transpire within this book. There are three main story lines: Ned Stark against the Lannisters, Kahlessi becoming queen of the Dorthracy, and John Snow moving to The Wall. Ned Stark finds out information about the king's family, the Barathians. All Ned wants is justice and for the ri...more
p428
aVA Game of Thrones is the perfect compromise for a fantasy slacker like myself. Goodkind got too swept up in selling his ideologies. I've only made it to the third book in The Wheel of Time, and even though I will someday finish the series, I still view returning to the series as a homework assignment rather than an enthusiastic prospect. I have not made it past the first book in the Lord of the Rings trilogy, and I really will get around to the second book in rothfuss's Kingkiller Chronicles.The...more
p429
aVIt took me a while to get into this book, due to the sheer extent of its storytelling. It makes this book very interesting and hard to put down but it's also the occasional downfall to my interest. The less-is-more approach is clearly not what Martin had in mind when writing this book and while I do enjoy the epic in my epic fantasy, this is just bordering on the insane. Still, the stories are good enough to be engaging and Martin's writing talent is incredibly vivid and entertaining. However, s...more
p430
aVI started reading George R.R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire after watching and thoroughly enjoying the first two season's of HBO's TV show based on the series. After finishing the first book, it's easily one of my favorite fantasy worlds. Martin's writing is unique because he does not have any protagonists--instead, he tells the story using a half-dozen viewpoint characters who are not immune to danger or death. This creates a sort of suspense that is very rare in fiction--anything can happen...more
p431
aVEpic.I see a new obsession beginning. It's the prologue itself that grabs you; talking of strange things, breathless feelings and the shock of being so abruptly thrust into the unexpected and the new.Eddard Stark was loved and killed even as the The song of fire and ice began to play. But he was warned,"If you play the games of Throne, you win or you die. There is no middle ground"And as we stepped forward with ice, a shrill fear and helplessness at the strange crept in.We carried on; adding on...more
p432
aVJust some brief words here. I really wanted to enjoy this book, but I struggled. The book had its moments, but my disbelief was rarely suspended. As a lifelong devoted fan of Tolkien's Lord of the Rings, Martin's Game of Thrones seemed hollow, ponderous and unoriginal in comparison. Tolkien's world, the benchmark in the fantasy genre, seems far more credible, epic, mysterious, tragic, full of history and great depth, with  characters deeply endearing. Middle earth makes you believe in its existen...more
p433
aVMost of the people love this book. I do not. Actually, I am a fantasy-lover. I love complicated books with many characters and a new world and new, unique creatures...But this book...WOW. I never thought I could dislike Fantasy.I will not even make the effort to write a long review...The book is too long. The lenght is not necessary in this book. Some books simply need to be long so you can get all the answers and understand everything and everyone.While reading this book I had a feeling that th...more
p434
aVJust "finished" A Feast of Crows, the fourth book in the series, by skipping ahead about 700 pages to read the last bit in Martin's own voice telling us that if we were wondering about the rest of the characters he hadn't written about in this installment, to be patient, as he (Martin) "devoutly hopes" to be finished with the fifth book sometime "next year". No thanks. I feel like a dimwit to have read the first 3 books before realizing this story goes nowhere! I rushed home from work, put off t...more
p435
aVGenre written by a professional who knows how to tell a thundering tale and jerk a reader's heart strings. The story is pretty much taken from late Wars of Roses/English history, and jazzed up with dragons, magical wolves, endless glaciers, barbarian hordes and other popular fantasy tropes. Don't get me wrong--I gobbled the book down, but as I began on the second in the series, somewhere around the middle, I bogged down and then made a decision to quit. There were too many characters, added one...more
p436
aVThis book is epic. No, it's EPIC!!! It's not as good as Lord of the Rings, but that's the flavor and it's very good. There are literally dozens of characters and families and castles and plot lines and what not. It's sometimes difficult to keep everything straight, but it's a fun, exciting read.QOTDThe common people pray for rain, healthy children, and a summer that never ends. It is no matter to them if the high lords play their game of thrones, so long as they are left in peace. They never are...more
p437
aVThe bar was set high as I embarked on reading A Game of Thrones.  The HBO series is absolutely fantastic, the best show on television, in my humble opinion.  However high my expectations were, the novel far exceeded them for one simple reason - George R.R. Martin is an absolutely sensational writer.  As a fellow author, I can appreciate the skill and flawless technique that Martin displays.  His description of scenes and the intricate details that he adds makes the novel come to life in a way that f...more
p438
aVEvery once in a while, a book comes around that truly grabs a hold onto readers, and steadily holds on until the end. In A Game of Thrones, George R.R. martin paints a vivid, but complex story of flawed characters in a fantasy world unlike any other. Based as the first book of his \u005cu201cSong of Ice and Fire\u005cu201d series, Martin\u005cu2019s novel leaves readers running to grab the next book, much like I did. The novel, though extreme in length, as well as its storyline, keeps readers drawn to a beautifully written s...more
p439
aVLets note that I read a few reviews on this book before making my own and Im flabbergasted. The thing is that, when I read a book, it is not about how profound it is or mindboggling, but is it entertaining and will it carry me through?. I see literature as an artform of such and I enjoy it for what it is. I was excited when I heard about the Song of Ice and Fire. I love good fantasy books and I take them for what they are. Nothing of course compares with the LOTR and Tolkien. But lets move on an...more
p440
aVI really enjoyed this book and the series. The character development was strong, detail was intense, and the story kept me wanting to read more. My only real criticism/warning to those who plan to read this is that there seem to be about a thousand characters. You need to be paying attention to make sense of them all. I actually watched the first season of the TV series before reading the book and I felt like that helped immensely because I already had a handle on the more prominent characters s...more
p441
aVMostly really enjoyed this. War, intrigue and character all done very well, so when these things are happening (90%+ of the time) it's great.  Tyrion is surely the breakout character (maybe we can have a spinoff where he rents a place with The Fonz. Actually, his catchphrase should be 'I love it when a plan comes together'), but I do love a good ensemble cast, and given the cast of thousands I don't think there were many clones at all. Clearly a fantasy genre book with many of the staples that th...more
p442
aVGeorge R. R. Martin's "A Game of Thrones" is a New York Times best seller, and is considered a masterpiece of High Fantasy. Set in a world where summer and winter can last decades, this award winning novel pulls the reader into a complex web of political deception as seven kingdoms and numerous noble families compete for power while racing to prepare for the deadly winter and the mysterious evils that come with it. Martin tells a very adult story that covers the moral implications of topics such...more
p443
aVAfter my friends demanded that I begin to watch the Game of Thrones series, I felt compelled to read the books before I dare watch the program itself. I must admit, I am now a hopeless addict to George's writing! The fantasy world that he created is to be compared to some other great fiction writers, such as J.K Rowling or J.R.R Tolkien. The complex and wonderfully crafted characters are some of the most intriguing characters in literature I have witnessed. The story revolves around a variety of...more
p444
aVI always thought that I didn't really like the fantasy genre, but I think it's just that I was sick of the beaten-to-death story of, "Pure, honorable good vs. obvious evil; evil reigns until good prevails." A Game of Thrones takes a massive, runny dump all over this set convention. There's no clear-cut definition of who's right and who isn't, and the fact that (view spoiler)[the man who is most honorable, Eddard Stark, is decapitated all because of his stubbornness to do right, (hide spoiler)] i...more
p445
aV1. A Game of Thrones2. George R.R. Martin3. Fantasy4. This book centers around the Stark Family in the continent of Westeros. There are seven kingdoms that were all brought under the rule of Robert Baraetheon who took control with the help of Eddard Stark. The story begins with Eddard accepting the office of Hand of the King. The plot revolves around the intrigue of the court.5. The two main themes are Courage and Honor6. Courage: \u005cu201cThe world was full of cravens who pretended to be heroes; it too...more
p446
aVI finally finished it at about 2:00AM this morning. It was definitely amazing, and I can see why everyone is raving about it. A book I would recommend even to those like myself for whom fantasy is generally put at the bottom of the stack. I pretty much only read fantasy when it is recommended to me. Here I will copy some things that I said while I was reading the book.  My favorite genre is crime fiction, far and away. This is definitely written more like a crime novel than a fantasy novel. Take...more
p447
aVI had absolutely no intentions on starting on another fantasy book. More accurately, I didn't even know that the book existed. I\u005cu2019d grown tired with fantasy after a long and prolonged relationship with that genre and I didn't really want another book on my hands, revolving around dragons, zombies, other supernatural creatures and the same cliched plot involving a war for the \u005cu2018greater good\u005cu2019. The only reason I did eventually get beyond the cover page was because I had been enraptured by the HBO ada...more
p448
aVThis book was darker than alot of my usual fantasy readings. There were an awful lot of scenes where I cringed with horror. So, why am I dying to read the next book?I think the best part of the book was the characters. Sometimes I thought it may have benefited from showing fewer POV's, but I always concluded that the current format works. The book is filled with likeable characters (Bran, John & Arya being my favourites), and as they are often spread far apart, alot would be missed if any lo...more
p449
aVEpic fantasy is often stereotyped as clich\u005cu00e9-ridden and formulaic, consisting of imitators of Tolkien and the like. Although there are many superb examples of fantasy which overcomes this stereotype, Martin\u005cu2019s Song of Ice and Fire saga defies most fantasy tropes, depicting a medieval-style struggle over the Iron Throne rather than fantastical adventures and heroic quests. Unusually, I saw the TV adaptation first. I watched Season One the TV series and loved it \u005cu2013 it\u005cu2019s so different from Tolkien, yet...more
p450
aVI've tried listening to it. I've tried reading it. I've tried watching it. I've even tried skipping ahead to the next book in the series to see if things improved. I've really, really tried to like this series and this author, but I just don't. It's such a disjointed story with so many plot lines and no depth that the characters are mostly undeveloped; I can't waste that much of my life trying to figure out what the end game is or if those characters evolve. The only character with any complexit...more
p451
aVI'm not a big fan of high fantasy as a rule, so I avoided this series for many years. I thought it was strictly a kings-and-queens, wizards-and-dragons, swords-and-spellcasters kind of series, with a huge list of unpronounceable names and a magical answer to every conundrum. However, I was convinced to give it a shot, and I'm glad I was. I thoroughly enjoy this series. There are some very unlikeable characters; Cersei has no redeeming qualities, Sansa is as vapid as possible, and occasionally I...more
p452
aV\u005cu0412 \u005cu044d\u005cu0442\u005cu043e\u005cu043c \u005cu0433\u005cu043e\u005cu0434\u005cu0443 \u005cu044f \u005cu043f\u005cu0440\u005cu043e\u005cu0447\u005cu0435\u005cu043b \u005cu043f\u005cu0435\u005cu0440\u005cu0432\u005cu044b\u005cu0439 \u005cu0442\u005cu043e\u005cu043c \u005cu044d\u005cu043f\u005cu043e\u005cu043f\u005cu0435\u005cu0438 \u005cu0414\u005cu0436\u005cu043e\u005cu0440\u005cu0434\u005cu0436\u005cu0430 \u005cu041c\u005cu0430\u005cu0440\u005cu0442\u005cu0438\u005cu043d\u005cu0430 \u005cu201c\u005cu041f\u005cu0435\u005cu0441\u005cu043d\u005cu044c \u005cu043b\u005cu044c\u005cu0434\u005cu0430 \u005cu0438 \u005cu043f\u005cu043b\u005cu0430\u005cu043c\u005cu0435\u005cu043d\u005cu0438\u005cu201d - \u005cu201c\u005cu0418\u005cu0433\u005cu0440\u005cu0443 \u005cu043f\u005cu0440\u005cu0435\u005cu0441\u005cu0442\u005cu043e\u005cu043b\u005cu043e\u005cu0432\u005cu201d. \u005cu041c\u005cu043d\u005cu043e\u005cu0433\u005cu0438\u005cu043c \u005cu044d\u005cu0442\u005cu043e \u005cu043d\u005cu0430\u005cu0437\u005cu0432\u005cu0430\u005cu043d\u005cu0438\u005cu0435 \u005cu0437\u005cu043d\u005cu0430\u005cu043a\u005cu043e\u005cu043c\u005cu043e: \u005cu0434\u005cu0430, \u005cu0438\u005cu043c\u005cu0435\u005cu043d\u005cu043d\u005cu043e \u005cu043f\u005cu043e \u005cu044d\u005cu0442\u005cu043e\u005cu0439 \u005cu043a\u005cu043d\u005cu0438\u005cu0433\u005cu0435 \u005cu0441\u005cu043d\u005cu044f\u005cu0442 \u005cu043f\u005cu0435\u005cu0440\u005cu0432\u005cu044b\u005cu0439 \u005cu0441\u005cu0435\u005cu0437\u005cu043e\u005cu043d \u005cu043f\u005cu043e\u005cu043f\u005cu0443\u005cu043b\u005cu044f\u005cu0440\u005cu043d\u005cu043e\u005cu0433\u005cu043e \u005cu043d\u005cu044b\u005cu043d\u005cu0447\u005cu0435 \u005cu043e\u005cu0434\u005cu043d\u005cu043e\u005cu0438\u005cu043c\u005cu0435\u005cu043d\u005cu043d\u005cu043e\u005cu0433\u005cu043e (\u005cu0441 \u005cu043d\u005cu0430\u005cu0437\u005cu0432\u005cu0430\u005cu043d\u005cu0438\u005cu0435\u005cu043c \u005cu043f\u005cu0435\u005cu0440\u005cu0432\u005cu043e\u005cu0433\u005cu043e \u005cu0442\u005cu043e\u005cu043c\u005cu0430) \u005cu0441\u005cu0435\u005cu0440\u005cu0438\u005cu0430\u005cu043b\u005cu0430. \u005cu042f \u005cu0434\u005cu0430\u005cu043d\u005cu043d\u005cu044b\u005cu0439 \u005cu0441\u005cu0435\u005cu0440\u005cu0438\u005cu0430\u005cu043b \u005cu043d\u005cu0435 \u005cu0441\u005cu043c\u005cu043e\u005cu0442\u005cu0440\u005cu0435\u005cu043b, \u005cu0438 \u005cu0445\u005cu043e\u005cu0447\u005cu0443 \u005cu0441\u005cu043a\u005cu0430\u005cu0437\u005cu0430\u005cu0442\u005cu044c \u005cu0441\u005cu0440\u005cu0430\u005cu0437\u005cu0443, \u005cu0447\u005cu0442\u005cu043e \u005cu0434\u005cu0430\u005cu043d\u005cu043d\u005cu044b\u005cu0439 \u005cu043e\u005cu0431\u005cu0437\u005cu043e\u005cu0440 \u005cu0438\u005cu0441\u005cu043a\u005cu043b\u005cu044e\u005cu0447\u005cu0438\u005cu0442\u005cu0435\u005cu043b\u005cu044c\u005cu043d\u005cu043e \u005cu043e \u005cu043a\u005cu043d\u005cu0438\u005cu0433\u005cu0435 \u005cu0438 \u005cu043a \u005cu044d\u005cu043a\u005cu0440\u005cu0430\u005cu043d\u005cu0438\u005cu0437\u005cu0430\u005cu0446\u005cu0438\u005cu0438 \u005cu043e\u005cu0442\u005cu043d\u005cu043e\u005cu0448\u005cu0435\u005cu043d\u005cu0438\u005cu044f \u005cu043d\u005cu0435 \u005cu0438\u005cu043c\u005cu0435\u005cu0435\u005cu0442.\u005cu041a\u005cu0430\u005cu043a \u005cu043f\u005cu0438\u005cu0441\u005cu0430\u005cu0442\u005cu044c \u005cu043e\u005cu0431\u005cu0437\u005cu043e\u005cu0440 \u005cu043e \u005cu0444\u005cu0438\u005cu043b\u005cu044c\u005cu043c\u005cu0435 \u005cu044f \u005cu0438\u005cu043c\u005cu0435\u005cu044e \u005cu0445\u005cu043e\u005cu0442\u005cu044c \u005cu043a\u005cu0430\u005cu043a\u005cu043e\u005cu0435-\u005cu0442\u005cu043e \u005cu043f\u005cu0440\u005cu0435\u005cu0434\u005cu0441\u005cu0442\u005cu0430\u005cu0432\u005cu043b\u005cu0435\u005cu043d\u005cu0438\u005cu0435, \u005cu0430 \u005cu0432\u005cu043e\u005cu0442 \u005cu043e \u005cu043a\u005cu043d\u005cu0438\u005cu0433\u005cu0435 - \u005cu0441\u005cu043e\u005cu0432\u005cu0441\u005cu0435\u005cu043c \u005cu0434\u005cu0440\u005cu0443\u005cu0433\u005cu043e\u005cu0435 \u005cu0434\u005cu0435\u005cu043b\u005cu043e. \u005cu041d\u005cu043e \u005cu044f \u005cu0432\u005cu0441\u005cu0451 \u005cu0436\u005cu0435 \u005cu043f\u005cu043e\u005cu043f\u005cu0440\u005cu043e\u005cu0431\u005cu0443\u005cu044e, \u005cu0430 \u005cu0432\u005cu044b \u005cu043e\u005cu0446\u005cu0435\u005cu043d\u005cu0438\u005cu0442\u005cu0435. \u005cu0415\u005cu0441\u005cu043b\u005cu0438...more
p453
aVTo begin with, yes, I read the book because of all the commotion going on about the TV series, but no, I have not seen a single episode of it and will not until I have read all the books.I think the book is a fairly good read. Even though I will most likely never read it again, I enjoyed it! It has its way of making you wonder what is going to happen well enough, and even though the moments in which you really are surprised are very little compared to the size of the book, it keeps it interestin...more
p454
aV1) The exposition of the story is in the prologue when they introduce the dangers and what is killing people. The rising action is Ned confronting Cersei about expecting her to do the right thing about her kids. The climax of the story is when Ned gets beheaded. The falling action is when the Starks family is shattered and scattered, kings landing will be at war, there\u005cu2019s a boy king on throne that isn\u005cu2019t a true king. There seems to be no resolution at this point. 2)  To me, the most memorable plot...more
p455
aVTyler JankowskiAcademic English 10Book Reviesw1/7/13Winter is coming, one of the most know quotes from the book Game of Thrones by George R. R. Martin. This book is a book of betrayal, war, romance and a little of weirdness that the usual young adult needs to have.Game Of Thrones is a type of book you wouldn\u005cu2019t usually see. Most books just have regular chapters and usually follow one path to the story, but this one doesn\u005cu2019t. This book is divided into three sub-stories that take place in different...more
p456
aVA Game of Thrones is a fantastic book. I started reading this series before I heard about the HBO Series (though thats not to say it wasn't already out). When I decided to read A Song of Ice and Fire, I promptly bought the first two books from Target, trusting my instincts and my previous reading of reviews to justify the money. Through various means (Book store, school library) I have been able to read up to book 4 of the series. Now I am working to get my hands on book 5. The book is the begin...more
p457
aVThis book is extremely long (over 16k kindle pages) and I struggled with a quick summary, so hopefully you won't mind that I used Amazon's! I watched GOT season 1 on HBO this past year and loved the show, so I decided to give the book a try. To the producers and writers credit, the show is almost an exact replica of the book. Unfortunately, that made reading the book rather tedious as I knew what was going to happen. There was additional detail and background information on characters that the s...more
p458
aVLet\u005cu2019s start with the statement of: this book took me waaaaaaaaay to long to read. I mean seriously, I\u005cu2019m a person who can get a good book done in a few days, but this took me a semester and then some. I haven\u005cu2019t had a book lull like that since the summer in high school four or five years ago.That doesn\u005cu2019t mean the book was bad, on the contrary I liked it quite a bit. The characters were interesting, if not slightly clich\u005cu00e9d. The world itself, though comprised at its basis in a more traditional way,...more
p459
aVIt took me a long time to start this series, partially because I'd heard that the books were focused on "politics" and war strategy, things that have never interested me, and things that I've tried to read in the past and haven't been able to enjoy. I also avoided it because I'd heard rumors of what George R.R. Martin liked to do to his characters, particularly the characters that the readers really came to like. But I finally dove in, and I now realize...happily...that politics and strategy are...more
p460
aVThey've all blurred together by this point. I read this after I was talked into watching the first season of the series, which in parts helped and in others hindered my enjoyment of the book. As it is, I wouldn't have read this at all if people hadn't nagged me, as it's not my usual cup of tea, but I hate not finishing something I've started, and the couple of characters that don't fill me with utter rage are quite cool and I'd like to see how they get on.In this book I liked the build-up of the...more
p461
aVI was first introduced to the series "A Song of Ice and Fire" around three years ago. "A Game of Thrones" intimidated me by its size, but since most of my favorite sci-fi authors had died off, I decided to give it a try. Reviewing these books is EXTREMELY difficult because of the potential for "spoiler alert" situations. Suffice it to say that Martin runs a couple dozen MAIN characters in this series. You read nearly a thousand pages getting intricately involved with these people, then he kills...more
p462
aVThis is the first time I've read the first book in a series and immediately rushed out and bought the rest of the series! I've read a lot of fantasy and it really is that good. (This review will also refer to later books in the series at times.) Reasons? OK, here they are (with a few mild spoilers that don't actually spoil the reading of the books.)World building - amazing! This is a world with the gritty reality of the best historical novels, complete with unexpected deaths of important charact...more
p463
aVIn a world of long summers and longer, deeper winters, the longest summer in living memory is coming to an end. "A Game of Thrones" marks the beginning of George RR Martin's seemingly endless "Song of Ice and Fire Saga." History and valor have as rich a memory in this text as the intrigue and deception that color its pages. Martin's world is one that is fully fleshed out and elegant in its complexity. As the story progresses and a war begins to crown a new ruler of the realm, one thing is made a...more
p464
aVI don't read fantasy genre. I don't like Tolkien. I read this because I wanted to find a long term reading project that I could undertake during my lunch hour at work, and I heard a ton of positive feedback about the TV series. I also wanted to read something I assumed would be unlike anything I've ever read before. I generally read literature with a capital L. I did assume I would give this book 200 pages and then toss it in the garbage can. I almost tossed it in the can after the prologue. Luc...more
p465
aVJ\u005cu00e1 aviso de antem\u005cu00e3o que n\u005cu00e3o farei compara\u005cu00e7\u005cu00f5es entre As Cr\u005cu00f4nicas de Gelo e Fogo (s\u005cu00e9rie da qual A Guerra dos Tronos \u005cu00e9 o primeiro volume) e O Senhor dos An\u005cu00e9is seguindo os passos equivocados da Veja e s\u005cu00f3 lamento que muitos acreditem e concordem com o que foi posto ali. Martin e Tolkien s\u005cu00f3 tem em comum a fic\u005cu00e7\u005cu00e3o fant\u005cu00e1stica, cada qual com suas caracter\u005cu00edsticas e estilos. Se sou f\u005cu00e3 de Tolkien por tudo que ele representou e ainda representa para a literatura fant\u005cu00e1stica, me tornei f\u005cu00e3 de Martin por mostrar...more
p466
aVBook one in Martin's mammoth "A Song of Ice and Fire" series. Far too complex to attempt a detailed plot synopsis, this fantasy involves dynastic wars in the "Seven Kingdoms," with the main competitors being the Houses of Lannister and Stark. Although set in an imaginary land, the details of medieval daily life, politics, and combat seem very convincing (magic exists in this world, but is used sparingly). This starts out like a conventional good (Starks) v. evil (Lannisters) fantasy narrative, b...more
p467
aVGeorge R. R. Martin's fantasy series A Song of Ice and Fire has long been awaiting its recent rise to stardom. Having loved the television show this past summer, I decided to give the books a try this September, knowing they would be much better. Boy, was I right. A Game of Thrones is the start of a magnificent adult fantasy series that every fantasy or adventure reader should delve into. While it is an adult book, many young adult readers are picking it up, perhaps due to the television show. I...more
p468
aVFor anyone who knows much about medieval/rennaisance history, the parallels between this book and the Wars of the Roses hit you between the eyes. I don't just mean the obvious things like Stark/Lannister = York/Lancaster, but the fact that you can go through at least the first half of the book playing 'name that historical figure lightly disguised as an original character'. Really. Try it.Otherwise, this book has a lot of plot arcs that take a very long time to go nowhere, gratuitous sex and vio...more
p469
aVThis somehow comes as a late review since I am pretty sure a lot of people have already read the book (even the whole series) or have seen its TV adaption. Nonetheless, I just cannot contain my love for this amazing novel. And so, the story begins in Winterfell.Lord Eddard Stark governs peacefully in the North when, one day, after a sudden tragedy in King\u005cu2019s Landing \u005cu2013 home of the king of the Seven Kingdoms \u005cu2013 King Robert Baratheon makes a surprising visit to Winterfell to give Lord Stark an offer...more
p470
aVThis book series is an absolute masterpiece. George Martin is my god. I like Arya- she is badass. I like Bran- he is brave. I like Jon- he is smart. I like Eddard- he is just. I like Sansa- she is a lady. I like Rickon- he is cute. I like Catelyn- she is unexpected. I like Robb- he is nice.I like Cersei- she is wicked. I like Robert- he is funny. I like Jaime- he is out-going. I like Tyrion- he is AWESOME, FUNNY, CUTE, BADASS, FUNNY, EPIC, SMART, AWESOME, ADORABLE, GORGEOUS, EPIC-AS HELL, THE ST...more
p471
aVMy wife read this series earlier this year, but I knew that I didn't have the time to get wrapped up in such a long series, even though she loved it. Then we happened to watch the first season of the Game of Thrones HBO series and I was blown away.  When my schedule finally opened up again, I was in the mood for a book that wouldn't let me put it down.  I was certainly not disappointed.  Wow.  This first book was incredibly fun and engrossing, the kind of book that makes me feel like a kid again, sn...more
p472
aV***In my list, all Game of Thrones books will have this same description***The Game of Thrones books are - by far - the best books I have ever read. And right now you couldn't tell from my list of Read Books, but I've read quite some books in my lifetime. When it comes to Game of Thrones, superlatives fall short. No praise is worthy. The Game of Thrones books make a very elaborate story of a kingdom falling to pieces, and several people claiming the throne for themselves - thus starting the "gam...more
p473
aVOh, how naive we all were.  Ned Stark is totally going to save the kingdom and defeat the Others and Arya's totally going to become a little lady who can also kill you with her pinkie and Sansa is totally going to live happily ever after with Joffrey and Dany is going to live happily ever after with Khal Drogo and her horrible brother and eat horse's hearts every day.The thing that makes this series genius, and not just another Tolkien knockoff, is that the entire plot of the series is basically...more
p474
aVI guess that the fantasy/scifi genre is known for creating whole, consistent worlds. I don't read much in that vein, so I don't know how this compares to all the rest of the stuff in that section of the book store, but this world is literally complete. In most stories, when a new thread comes into focus, it's clear that the author is making it as they go and it kinda sounds like shit. But here, when you are introduced to a new story line, it is obvious that it has been running in isolation, out...more
p475
aVAfter spending years of occasionally reading reviews of this book on amazon or goodreads and forever remaining sceptical, and after watching the first episode of the TV series and finding it somewhat oversexualised, I eventually gave the kindle sample a try. And I was positively surprised.I agree with the critics that a) the story line is nothing new and b) some of the more intriguing characters - Tyrion Lannister, his brother Jaime and their 'Hound' - have not been given much room. However, thi...more
p476
aVBeing a HUGE fan of JRR Tolkien and specifically The Lord of the Rings trilogy, I have been waiting for a fantasy series of similar scope and depth.The Song of Ice and Fire series is rich in complex characters set in the intricate Seven Kingdoms of Westeros.This first book follows the Starks, a proud people of the Northern Kingdom of Winterfell. Each chapter is written from the perspective of a main character from the Stark family and richly blends into the main plot of the first book of this se...more
p477
aVAfter watching the HBO series first season I knew that I wanted to read the books by George RR Martin to see what the fuss was about.  Honestly after reading this book I was sort of into it until about page 500 to 600.  Then the action really started to begin and I was hooked.  Without divulging too much plot, needless to say the book is very well written and very well styled to each character.  Martin writes for each character with a different pattern and style that makes it all the more interestin...more
p478
aVIn a world of clashing swords, betrayal, and amazing, stunning turn arounds that will make your mouth drop to the floor, I present you the first book of the series of A Song of Ice and Fire written by George R. R. Martin, A Game of Thrones.  The book opens with many mysterious signs that \u005cu201cWinter is coming\u005cu201d with the discovery of the ancient White Walkers and Direwolves.  These signs spark worry and curiosity among the people of the North, the Starks of Winterfell.  This book is complex and filled wi...more
p479
aVAfter reading a glowing review on Amazon.com on the "Song of Ice and Fire" books, I put "A Game of Thrones" on hold at my local library. Finally, after two weeks of waiting, I went out and bought the damn thing on a whim because I simply could not wait for it to come in. Within one sleepless weekend, I had read the entire book and I was not disappointed.Martin has a very precise, gritty style of writing that brings his bleak world to life. He fleshes his characters out and defines them very care...more
p480
aVI'm female, which by society standards means I should like the 'princess gets saved by the knight in shining armorgetmarriedhavekids jfdkauiesljl every fucking time' stories.No.I got into this series via recommendations by those on the Internet. Not a smart move right there. As it turns out, I was hooked by the end of Book 1. Why? Because it wasn't the typical heroes-always-win type of series. One of the main characters fucking DIES. You never see that happen, the good guy is supposed to win, ev...more
p481
aVNow Im not going to babble on forever about how freaking brilliant this book (and eintire series) is.Instead Im going to explain why either you like (and by like I mean LOVE) this book or you wont. Some people expect that eintire fantasy genre has certain requirements, such as to include harry potter style magic.Aaheem, those people are wrong (I like to call them "bookists")Others cant fully imerse themselves into this novel, and this to me is quite understandable. For me, you either have to rec...more
p482
aVSon-in-law, Mike, first led me to this book back in the 1990's.  I found out later that George R.R. Martin had planned to write several more books for the series after I had read the first three.  Aargh, I was so into the story that it really annoyed me that I had to wait years (and years) for the next one to be written.  With Martin's complex story lines, I had lost the continuity in the story by the time the subsequent novels were released.  Fast forward to 2011 and the HBO television series adapt...more
p483
aVThis book reminded me of Marmite. You know how it is; some people love it, some people hate it, and you occasionally see a lone jar on the shelf, and think 'Oh, what the heck (or something more punchy depending on the kind of store you're in) it's been aaages since I tried Marmite'.Sometimes you are in the mood for Marmite; hot buttery toast beckoning, crackers with cheese and other times you are served it, thick as tar and the smell makes you feel gross."In the Seven Kingdoms, its all a power s...more
p484
aVThis book should have been called The Myth of the Constantly Sexually Available Female.It's the Renaissance Fair, poorly written. The few consensual sex scenes that are offered are written in such disgustingly trite and sexist language that I actually said things like gross and ew out loud. Seriously, manhood is not a word that should ever be uttered again. And the rape scenes are quite graphic and casually, but quite liberally, pepper the pages. If we aren't reading about actual rape there is t...more
p485
aVSo in the end I might have spent more time reading over the Christmas holiday then I did with my family, but happily my family loves to read, too, and so didn\u005cu2019t mind (or at least claimed not to mind) when I retreated to my room for several hours to get caught up in the world of George RR Martin\u005cu2019s A Song of Fire and Ice series. \u005cu201cCaught up\u005cu201d might be something of an understatement, as I found myself reading until 2, 3, 4am with eyes propped open rather than quitting the seductive, mysterious and ut...more
p486
aV3.5 stars in my mind - As a lifelong reader of fantasy books and committed enough to them to have a six-year-old daughter named Eowyn, I found this series a unique approach to the genre. Martin has crafted a world with depth surpassing that of Tolkien himself, but whether or not this is a virtue is a matter for individual readers to decide. GoT easily has four times the characters of Lord of the Rings, and readers will get bogged down in trying to keep them straight, remembering whether or not t...more
p487
aVOkay, so pretty much all the reviews of this book that I've seen are super long and detailed, so I'm gonna make this short: THIS BOOK WAS AWESOME.Many people will disagree on this, I'm sure, but this is my review, and as Loki says, I do what I want.I'm pretty sure the main reason for this is that somehow, magically (really, I'm still confounded over how G.R.R. Martin does it), it manages to make you fall head-over-heels in love with Every Single Character. Arya Stark and her tomboyness (that a w...more
p488
aVMartin's first book in his epic fantasy series is a marvel, to say the least.  Containing a sprawling cast of characters and an equally sprawling plot told from multiple perspectives, Martin has a lot of plates spinning in the book, but not only does he manage to keep them all up, he does it with such deft skill and style, he makes it look easy.The tale of Westeros, the fall of a king, the rise of darkness in the North, and the last of an ancient and noble line of rulers in the East may seem disp...more
p489
aVFirst, let me get this off of my chest: Yes, I read it because of the show.  I am that guy.That being said, this was a really enjoyable book.  Of course, I knew the plot twists because of the TV series, but it was still entertaining to discover the nuances that are passed over by the adaptation.  There are also characters developed in this book that are not addressed at all on television.This is truly the beginning of an epic series.  Upon finishing this book of nearly a thousand pages, I could tell...more
p490
aVA friend recommended this book to me and I was hesitant at first because I do not tend to really enjoy fantasy novels but I finally gave it a try and I really enjoyed it. What I liked most about this book is that it constantly kept me guessing. The author has created an entire medieval/fantasy world and a wide range of characters that make it seem real. This book is not about black/white heroes and bad guys, rather all of the characters are flawed in many different ways and each of them have a d...more
p491
aV     I had heard of A Game of Thrones through the reputation of the HBO series. I don't have an HBO subscription, so I don't plan to watch it. But I thought it might be fun to read the book. The novel isn't quite as focused on sex as the series is supposed to be. It has its share of both sex and violence, but all of the titillating aspects of the plot are justified in the written version. This is not a medieval Shades of Gray.     The plot is a massive story with more characters than I could keep track...more
p492
aVIn all honesty this book took me a while to get into. There is a lot of confusion in the beginning, simply because there are many characters to get to know and understand where they are coming from. Admittedly, by the end of the book, I was hooked I simply had to get my hands on the next book so that I could know what happened to my favorite characters and whether the villains were really all that bad and whether they would get what was coming to them. The twists and turns of this first novel ar...more
p493
aV Read the full review here at Geeks Unleashed.MeI am about to attempt something. Something big. Monumental, even. I\u005cu2019m going to try to do a relatively unbiased review of the first installment of George R.R. Martin s MASSIVE series: A Song of Fire and Ice, the namesake of the television series A Game of Thrones. As a lover of the fantasy genre it is hard to stay impartial, but I\u005cu2019ll give it a go.For those who don\u005cu2019t know, each chapter of the book is written from eight different perspectives, each a...more
p494
aVRead all five the summer of 2011.  I was enthusiastic to begin with, but by book three it was obvious it was getting more complicated and not even showing the slightest sign of resolving eves one plot line. Those three months were a huge investment of my time and I grew disenchanted.  In many, many ways I liked it more than the ring trilogy.  In fact, I liked the HBO telling.of the story because it found dazzling settings to place adequate to good actor in.  It tightened up the action in places.     Any...more
p495
aVI thought I'd outgrown this sort of thing.  I'm happy to report I have not!  This is the first book of what promises to be a grand, multi-generational adventure on the order of The Lord of the Rings.  It is more adult than other aristocratic adventure stories, in that George R.R. Martin imbues his villains with realistic motives (mostly spite, greed, and a lust for power) and he doesn't hesitate to give his characters sex lives.  It is set in a fictional world somewhat resembling that of King Arthur...more
p496
aVPr\u005cu00e9cis\u005ct\u005ctThe king's hand dies by unusual circumstances and a Stark from the North is chosen to be the new Hand. He reluctantly accepts, which means leaving his family at Winterfell at a time when things north of the Wall are starting to become ominous. \u005ctShortly after they arrive back at King's Landing - the capital city - the intrigue begins as Ned Stark finds forces at work to usurp the throne. In an unfortunate accident, the king is mortally wounded by a boar while hunting and his young son is t...more
p497
aVEverybody loves these. I sort of choked my way through this one, and would have been happy to stop. Instead, for some reason, I started the next one. Then the next. It's sort of like book purgatory--the writing isn't great, but it's ok. Some of the story lines are dumb, some are good. Some characters are good, some are boring. You want to know what the story line is, but you get bogged down in details that don't even matter in the end. You could put them down, but instead you keep reading, hopin...more
p498
aVI think this book is way overrated. It's very interesting, and compared with a lot of military/political fiction, it's more interesting because any character can die and the author spares no one. However, the writing is fairly simple and the story is truly not that deep. It's not that the writing is worse than other sci-fi, but I expect sci-fi to make me think and present new philosophical ideas or to look at things in unique ways--for that I will forgive mediocre writing. But in this case, it r...more
p499
aVOK, truth be told I just lost several weeks of my life to the first four books in the series based on reading it...so I should probably bump up my recommendation to 4 stars.  George R. R. Martin is a true storyteller-and the geek in me loved the hundreds of characters...all of whom keep coming back (there really is a lot of coming back from the dead in the series).  Completely addicting-do not start the first one unless you have a lot of time on your hands, great perserverance, or read very quickl...more
p500
aVI could just spit when I here literary writers on the radio shamefacedly admitting they are reading trashy fantasy and then confessing that said fantasy is Game of Thrones.  What's trashy about it guys?  Hmm!  The writings good (obvious style is not always good style, my little literary dumplings) and the plotting is breathtaking.  And the belief that fantasy has no value because it has dragons.  I mean??????? What IS this about?  Fantasy is a way of dealing with the big picture of history in a way th...more
p501
aVWhen my husband was reading this book \u005cu2013 on MY Kindle, no less \u005cu2013 I joked that it was an ignore-your-spouse book.  It kept him up late each night.  Now I understand why.  I've ignored my spouse for the past week, opening it at every opportunity, pretending I don't hear him.Each character has depth and personality.  I found Martin's character chapter headings to be an interesting way to organize the story, so as to tell it all, but not merely as an omniscient narrator.And then [blank1] dies!  I couldn't...more
p502
aVThis book, this serie, is written with so much style. It is humorous and very witty, but then it is complex. The complexity of it is somewhat neccesary because it is apart of the actual story. The old-fashioned words fit in marvellously and how difficult the characters are.  When I first read this book, I thought the amount of characters were ridiculous. They actually are now its present, but it was totally neccesary. Sometimes I look at a name and think, "who the hell is that?", but the charact...more
p503
aVThis book was good, but not as great as I was expecting. I have not seen the show and I did not know much about it before I started reading.  The pace is good, the male characters some what are  interesting, the female characters are weak stereotypes. He is a fan of the alignments "Lawful stupid" "Chaotic Greedy" and "WTF? Evil".  Most of the characters don't actual act in their own best interest, mainly so he can push the plot along.  The Imp, Tyrion, must be the character that Martin most relates...more
p504
aVI'm about half way through right now, and I can't believe I actually really like this book.  I usually dislike fantasy.  Made it about five minutes in to the Lord of the Rings movie and about three pages into The Hobbit before I gave them both up.  I think maybe what makes this one different is the character development.  Despite the book being based in, well, fantasy, the characters seem more "real." Martin does a great job of capturing human emotion.  The change in perspectives is also a unique twi...more
p505
aVOkay, many people had proclaimed that this book was so fantastic and its series on HBO was so fantastic and blah blah blah. It created a stir in this modern world, and as its genre is usually what I like so I decided to read it. I must say, it is not the best book that I have ever read, but compared to other epic fantasy, it is the best. It is now hard to find an epic fantasy that I have too many dull characters that are hardly distinguishable - like Eragon (sorry, the series are fine but I must...more
p506
aVI read this book on my oldest son's recommendation. I did enjoy it, though there is a certain intensity to the writing. I am waiting on finishing the series to decide whether the book is worthy of 5 stars; is there a rightness to how the characters continue to interact and are the pieces brought together well.The descriptive sections were excellent:All day, Will had felt as though something were watching him, something cold and implacable that loved him not.The morning had dawned clear and cold,...more
p507
aVAfter reading lots of fantasy books, my teacher recommended me to buy this one. He said I just had to read it, because it is one of the most well written realistic fantasy books. I decided to give it a try and I'm happy I did.Every character is really thought out; they all have there own, deep personality. You just have to love them. Some of them are written so hateful, you hate them to, like joffrey. He always gets what he want, does whatever he wants to do, acts like a horrible king and doesnt...more
p508
aVHaving come into the Song of Ice and Fire books after watching HBOs adaption of the first book, A Game of Thrones, it's hard to objectively say what I think of the book since my versions of the characters look and sound like the actors. Part of the problem with the TV series is that there's so much going on that a lot can be overlooked. Thankfully, having a familiarity with the story allowed me to pick up the nuances of the book all the more easily.So painted with broad strokes, AGoT is set in S...more
p509
aVOkay, I had this friend tell me that it was an amazing book, but when I read it, it was one of the worst works of literary art I've ever read.  I tried to enjoy it; I really did.  The beginning was all I could ever have hoped for, thrilling, chilling, and a ton of other awesome adjectives.  Then the Wolf pups come and that's a good moment too.  Finally, I reached the third chapter or so and met the Dragon boy guy thing, who was intent on selling his sister off into marriage for an army, being an utt...more
p510
aVEXCELLENT book, even if you aren't a sci-fi/fantasy fanatic (which I am not, I merely dabble). I was prompted to purchase this book after watching the HBO series based on it, which kept me spending each week anxiously awaiting Sunday night! This is one instance where I would encourage you to watch the series FIRST, then read the book. The cast of characters in this book is astounding... I never would have been able to put a face with each character had I not watched the first season before I sta...more
p511
aVHaving enjoyed the series so much, I decided the books were worth a gamble.  Sometimes with adaptations, much can be lost in the translation from page to screen.  However, I would say that the series remained very true to the book.  Slow to start, but once all the chess pieces were in place, it really got intresting watching the board move!  One of my favorite scenes in the book is jousting scene.  I've read jousting scenes in other novels before, but this one held me raptly, and the point of view it...more
p512
aVI thoroughly enjoyed Book 1 mostly because I didn't think I would and I love being pleasantly surprised.  The writing was vivid, the dialog was witty and the characters were likeable.  The thing that I've been most impressed with about the show, and even more in the book, is the pursuit of the underdog.  So-called heroes are not strong men who've won the most battles, but women, dwarves, children, tomboys, bastards, cravens, and maybe even the eunuch.  Oh and Hodor :)I was really apprehensive over s...more
p513
aVSlight spoilers ahead.  Wow!  This truly is an epic story.  I have seen the show on HBO and love it and I'm glad my love extends to this book.  I'm impressed how closely season one of the show followed this book.  The thing I love about the book is hearing characters thoughts, especially Tyrion.  They obviously aged up some characters for the show due to the content of the story and the practicality of having to film it.  So I kept forgetting Sansa is only 11 which should make her less annoying.  But I...more
p514
aVI read this first in 2007 and I was not impressed then.I've re-read it now and enjoyed it a lot more. I think part of my problem with it is the huuuuge cast all with very similar names or the same person with two or three or four names! At times it was difficult to remember who was on which side and even then, sometimes people flopped. I really enjoy the characters Arya and Daenarys. I feel like I shouldn't like Daenarys as she's against all from the Seven Kingdoms, but she's just... cool. And A...more
p515
aVThis epic fantasy novel focuses mainly around the Starks of Winterfell, the northern-most realm of the Seven Kingdoms.  Lord Eddard Stark, his wife Caitlyn, and their five children plus Eddard's bastard* son live in the cold lands under the banner of the direwolf. They have fairly happy lives until King Robert comes to visit and requests that Eddard, who was raised as his brother, abandon his home to serve as The Hand of the King after his previous servant died a mysterious death. What follows is...more
p516
aVUsually, I try to avoid really popular books. Sometimes I find them a little overrated, and sometimes I just don\u005cu2019t want eager fans ruining the plot for me. However, I think A Game of Thrones deserves its popularity. In my opinion, I think the fantasy genre is a difficult one to pull off; I feel the writer really has to find a balance, too much or too little description will bore readers, and it\u005cu2019s easy to make characters generic. I believe Martin hits it right on the mark. On top of this, Martin...more
p517
aVThere was a time in my life when I would have loved this book.  I think it's just not my taste anymore.  I can definitely understand the love that many people have for it, though.  The plot is well crafted and intricate, and the storytelling device of switching perspectives for each chapter works well.  The intrigue and drama is thick and fast-paced, and the sheer number of characters is impressive.One problem I had was that I couldn't quite place the genre of the book.  It opens with a very supernat...more
p518
aVI was inspired to read this book after watching the first two seasons of the excellent HBO series of the same name.  For those uninitiated, the series is based in a medieval fantasy realm that includes magic and dragons, but spends very little time on either (at least in the first two books) in order to focus on the human characters.  While I really enjoy magic elements in my fantasy novels, I believe this is a smart move as it makes the world that much more believable.  I anticipate magic and drag...more
p519
aVI've had "Game of Thrones" recommended to me many times, and not just since the HBO series came on the scene.  I enjoyed this overlong read and will certainly forge ahead into the second of the novels.  The characters are interesting and well-thought, the writing is deft (heck, I even took advantage of my Nook's dictionary function a few times), and the pace is sufficiently swift given the four to five storylines being juggled at any one time.As I mentioned, Martin is a skillful writer.  He does, h...more
p520
aVA lot of people have been saying that this series is the next Lord of the Rings. I would agree and disagree. In size and scope, yes. In content, no. This first book is a giant introduction into a medieval type world where the balance of power is always in jeopardy and magic and fantasy are blended to create a realistic yet totally unbelievable story. If you enjoyed the LOTR, you might like this series. I say might because there are definite differences between the two stories. For some people, t...more
p521
aVAfter reading Hunger Games I was a little apprehensive about reading another "blockbuster" book that was making the news.  Hunger games was fine, but it wasn't the epic series I thought it would be.  Gqme of Thrones, however, is.  This has quickly become one of my favorites.  As always, the political intrigue is facinating.  The world Martin creates has no magic, but hints at it.  Bwsic ideas are challenged.  A good example is seasons lasting years instead of months.  Such a small thing, and yet it chan...more
p522
aVI was thinking about giving this a 3 star review, but on reflection over the past hour, decided on a 2. Why I am "supposed" to like this book:1. It's well-written, so they say. Well...it's not badly written, most of the time. But it is insufferably long-winded. There are about six major things that actually happen in this book. I realize that Martin is creating a fully realized fantasy world here, & it requires some description. But this is over the top! There's also a lot of text about who...more
p523
aVThis book represents everything I typically enjoy in a book; fantasty , war, love, etc. But A Game of Thrones was possibly one of the most cumbersome fantasy books I've read; clunky and slow, the hype surrounding A Game of Thrones has only furthered my despair in contemporary literature (see also: 50 Shades of Grey, Twilight).It didn't take long for me to reach a judgment. By Chapter 5 Martin had irked me by writing something that had blindingly obviously been written for the sole purpose of bei...more
p524
aVMy summer get-away books are supposed to be A Game of Thrones books in A Song of Ice and Fire by George R.R. Martin, but I have only had a chance to finish the first book in the series. It is an epic book. I know I will enjoy reading the rest of this fantasy about the Seven Kingdoms. The book is full of heroes and manipulators and the power hungry and those who just want to protect their families and those who will save the world. There are so many characters in the book that it was difficult to...more
p525
aVThis is the novel which can make any young lings jealous of his achievements and honors. Where fifteen year kid rides to the war, seven year bran was Old enough to see man beheaded, Thirteen year old girl enough to deliver a prince, and other several characters who can claim great honor for their achievement at such a early age. Well I don\u005cu2019t remember how I was at seven or nine or eleven or thirteen, but certainly I never saw man killed, nor hold real sword nor talked at the breakfast on strategi...more
p526
aV For the first two hundred pages or so I flipped back and forth from absorbed to only mildly interested. Then suddenly I was swept away into Martin\u005cu2019s epic fantasy world and the pages flew by. I was so engrossed with each character\u005cu2019s story and Martin kept building and building the pace as the novel switched from character to character.I felt such strong emotions for each character, from love and loathing to sympathy and righteous fury. Martin\u005cu2019s characters seep into your heart and burrow in. And t...more
p527
aVHarry Potter meets Lord of the Rings meets Brother Cadfael! This series has something for everyone, dragons, sword fights, romance, blood and gore, kings and queens, poverty and riches. I've been listening to the recorded versions and have a hard time turning it off. The plot twists are epic and the author thinks nothing of killing off a main player mid stream then sliding in a new one from an endless queue of colorfully named characters. Don't get attached to anyone! Beheading, poison, drowning...more
p528
aVI entered the book with a little trepidation. After all, fantasy isn't really my thing. What I wound up with was the best fucking series of books I've read in the last 20 years. It's really two things about GRRM's writing that has ruined me for most other fiction writers (seriously, I've read or tried to read 7 fiction books since the GoT series, and all of them have fallen flat). First: the characters are so deliciously grey! Sure, there are a couple of good guys, but they tend to grow daggers...more
p529
aVThis is quite possibly one of the best pieces of literature I have ever read.George R.R. Martin delivers his first installment of the series in the breathtaking world of Westeros and obviously possesses such vivid imagination that it is hard not to get totally absorbed into the fictional realm or doubt its authenticity.The characters all have a unique complexity: harrowing pasts, dark secrets, selfish motives, evil dispositions, quirky humour and loyal beliefs are just some of the traits Martin...more
p530
aVAfter passing on this book for 16 years, I finally decided to give it a shot. What do you know: I found it even more wonderful than all of my friends had promised it to be since its debut in 1996. Yes, I saw the series on the tv before I picked this up; and yes, the series did spoil some of the major developments for me. Nevertheless, there were still many little gems waiting for me within this book's pages."A Game of Thrones" is a fantasy that is full of stories. Who were the Targaryens, and ho...more
p531
aVI am very picky when it comes to finding a good book series to read, particularly when it comes to high fantasy novels. It is a daunting task to be able to create an entirely new world, particularly one that the reader can relate to and become lost in. Before encountering these novels, I had only experienced this level of satisfaction with the classic 'Lord of the Rings' trilogy, but am happy to report that George Martin is on par with Tolkien's works!What makes this book so fabulous is extremel...more
p532
aVFinally took the plunge and read Game of Thrones serially, beginning in late May - finished A Dance With Dragons in July. The story is indeed gripping. It's been oft mentioned that Martin almost completely subsumes the "classic" fantasy theme of a sinister, looming danger, against which only a true, anointed hero can prevail, beneath layers of political intrigue and other machinations. I found this to be true, but didn't mind given that most fantasy authors who attempt the former end up rehashin...more
p533
aVI\u005cu2019d like to begin with stating that I am one of the many (and many more to come) who have started to read the series after watching the show on HBO (obsessively watched, I feel inclined to add).It took me a while, I admit, to finish the book. I supposed knowing what would happen to each character slowed me down and it didn\u005cu2019t help that the books adaptation was amazingly close to the show (although this I guess is a positive thing, maybe not so much to the reader who\u005cu2019s seen the show first).  Becaus...more
p534
aVWhen a novel is over 400 pages, it can be one of two things: either it bores you before the end, or it starts interfering with your social and professional life. A Song of Ice and Fire happens to fall in the second category, for better and for worse. I am going to attempt to explain why by comparing the two first books with the TV show it became.While it wasn't immediately a huge success, HBO's A Game of Thrones eventually picked up and recorded very encouraging ratings. I suspect not everyone w...more
p535
aVExtraordinary book, full of lyrical beauty, and a sweeping combination of the realistic and the fantastic. Highly recommendable and definitely one of my favorite books. I finished book 1 and I ran to the bookstore to buy book 2.  The way George R.R. Martin creates his characters and expresses their emotions, the way he describes landscapes and actions, is so beautiful and filled with metaphors and symbols, like when he describes a fire like dancing priestesses, or like a roaring beast of fire. Th...more
p536
aVA GAME OF THRONES George R.R. MartinA Game of Thrones begins with a mysterious attack north of The Wall and establishes that something supernatural or perhaps magical is threatening the world. With the prologue out of the way, the Starks are introduced (and six dire wolves) and the story moves into the family drama and political intrigue that make up the scaffolding that the (many) characters live and play on. What makes the book so enjoyable? It is easy to suspend disbelief. People in the story...more
p537
aVThis is one of those rare novels that is everything a book can be, and in this case, everything an epic fantasy tale should be. A Game of Thrones is the first installment of A Song of Ice and Fire series, that belongs in the elite category of Tolkiens' Lord of the Rings and Tad Williams\u005cu2019 Memory, Sorrow and Thorn Trilogy.A Game of Thrones is set in a world very akin to our own medieval history, specifically the English War of the Roses, and introduces us to one of the greatest character lists aro...more
p538
aVIf you go back through Italian and Spanish papal history you will recognise some key historical figures in this series. The famously decadent Borgia pope, who included his 18 year old son Ceasaro amongst his cardinals had a daughter Lucrezia long hailed as one of the most beautiful women of her time. There were rumours, most likely generated by papal rivals that Lucreziz and Ceasaro were incestuous lovers and here is the basis of the incestuous twins Cersi and Jamie Lannister, also from the hous...more
p539
aVFirstly two things to give a bit of context.  I grew up reading mostly fantasy books, but have recently, in the last few years, diversified a bit.  This however is the first new series which I've tried reading in quite a while.  Secondly, I have seen the TV series, just finished the second series by the time I started the book.All of that being said, I really enjoyed the book.  The book was a fairly easy read, it flowed really well.  I suppose that a big part of this is that I already knew the story...more
p540
aVI started reading Game of Thrones after everyone and their mother told me how great these books were.The first one is pretty good -- there are a *lot* of interesting characters, and Martin develops them pretty well.So far, though, this isn't my favorite fantasy series: Other people do a lot of comparison to Tolkien J. R. R. and Raymond E. Feist (the earlier stuff, not his terrible later stuff). I don't actually find that very compelling. Tolkien and Feist have epic fantasy worlds that have, at t...more
p541
aVThe television adaptation of this book was very enjoyable so I looked forward to reading it. More or less, I liked the show better, but this novel has a lot to recommend it. The prologue is very effective and quite bone-chilling. Simply, one of the better pieces of fantasy writing that I\u005cu2019ve read and one that I\u005cu2019d return to often. As the book moves on, however, it becomes apparent how much of a virtue the streamlined narrative of the show is for its audience. There is a lot of material to cover an...more
p542
aVThis took me forever to read.  I should say: I love thick, lush prose.  I love it in my gaming (hi, Jamie!  =D) and in my literature (hi, Cat!) and in my advertising and everywhere.  But in this, it feels like the author is far too in love with his narrative voice - as if the same story could have been told in half to two-thirds as many pages if he'd only listened to his editor and cut a few hundred words here and there.The story, however!  Sure, it's weird even for medieval-ish fantasy and the women...more
p543
aVThis is a great page turner. I know nothing about the Wars of the Roses, on which the series is said to be loosely based, but I don't think that matters. In a nutshell, Martin has created a massive - and sprawling - fantasy world which owes something to Middle Earth, but which has more of a mediaeval flavour than a pure fantasy setting. There are certainly some non-human creatures which have never walked on earth and there are a few supernatural occurrences/themes, but the heart of the book is t...more
p544
aV\u005ctGame of Thrones: A Song of Ice and Fire by George R.R. Martin was an enjoyable and thought provoking read. George R.R. Martin's view on themes such as loyalty versus survival and  the never ending fight for power made me slightly less trusting of my fellow man. These themes are only amplified by the constant acts of murder and betrayal that the characters in the story are subjected to. \u005ctIn a way the previously mentioned detestable acts of murder and betrayal committed by certain characters revea...more
p545
aVI am ambivalent about this series.  It is certainly well-written.  There are well-wrought characters; all morally ambiguous, except for Ned (though even Ned's worthiness is chipped away at in successive books.)  Simply put, I don't know how to read it.  There is too much "realism" and not enough "redemption" if this is a faerie story.  The characters are too broken, or too wicked.  This is not just a celebration of the moral grey, it is an elimination of the landscape of hope.  Martin extinguishes it a...more
p546
aVI really enjoyed the whole Song of Ice and Fire  series, having read the terrible 50 Shades of Grey immediately before, a well-written book with scope and direction was a welcome sight! I've read other reviews which have been more critical of world-building and the length of seasons etc but I haven't found that a problem. Rather than compare to Tolkien, which isn't without justification, I prefer to compare GRRM to Wilbur Smith's style of writing, particularly his Egyptian series. The characters...more
p547
aVWell, I had to go "unlike" a review.  I guess I shouldn't have, though; it was a good and entertaining rant.  I just agree with very little of it.That review had me expecting to have some major problems with this book.  One, that Dany's POV wouldn't seem to fit in with the others.  Um, yes it does.  Two, that I'd have to watch thirteen-year-old Dany be brutally raped while she screamed and clawed and cried and fought.I'm not saying her wedding-night scene was a comfortable thing to read, but I didn't...more
p548
aVBad things happen.Then bad things happen.Then even more bad things happen.It's hard to really say much new toward the heaps of praise and the occasional spewing of bile towards this series. It's really not fantasy as the genre would usually consider it. Sure, it takes place in the usual medieval realm, and yeah there are a few hints of magic here and there, but in terms of speculative elements, it's not terribly reminiscent of the genre.Not that this is necessarily a bad thing. No, the bad thing...more
p549
aVSo I read this book after being BLOWN AWAY by the amazing HBO series. After the show finished, I wanted more from this world, so I considered reading the books. I was hesitant because of the viscosity of each novel; and so that sort of turned me off, especially being an already busy university student. But then I decided to read it, and it was well worth it. George R. R. R. R. R. Martin gives the reader a much more detailed look at Westeros. From the clothing to the food (seriously, your mouth w...more
p550
aVIt took me so long to finish reading this book, but I'm finally done! It's a fantastic book and with absolutely no disrespect intended, it reminds me a lot of a Taiwanese drama (the 700 episode kind, not the teen idol kind). First off, there's the huge cast of characters. It took me a while to remember who is who, but once you do, the book becomes so much more rewarding. Characters are continually introduced and disappear (most of the time they get killed), which means you really have to pay att...more
p551
aVI fear I may have read the best book in a genre first. Uh oh. Will every fantasy book be disappointing after this? This is so detailed and so imaginative. It takes detail and imagination to a level that most books wouldn't go. The description of Moat Cailin is one example I love. There are many many characters here but they are so memorable. I usually have a tough time remembering characters. The setup is perfect: it shuffles between great characters every ten pages or so, so it moves very quick...more
p552
aVAs much a political thriller as a high fantasy piece, A Game of Thrones is as very obvious first step in a series. Its narrative interweaves between the plot of nearly a dozen characters whilst being able to avoid confusion on the reader's part.Each character is a fully fleshed out individual, with full detail on their back story, their place in history and their interactions with other characters. Their actions and moral choices are clear, and the dialogue between characters suits them perfectl...more
p553
aVIn many ways I resent George R. R. Martin.  He has a great and imaginative style, and as far as world-builder's go he is up there with the best.  And a great beard, which is really hard for me to grow.  I like the characters and have enjoyed their story arcs throughout the series, even when that arc ends with someone getting bludgeoned, beheaded, or killed on a toilet.  It is rare that you get to spend so much time with so many characters.  A real treat.  The reason I resent Martin is because, in spit...more
p554
aVAs a blogger commented in one of my posts, this is the hot thing to read right now. This is surprising when you consider the book was written in 1996, though when you factor in the currently running HBO TV series based on the book series, I guess it's not so surprising. One word sums up this book: daunting. You've heard from your friends and family how great it is, but the book is just so...massive. And there are four more in the series, A Song of Ice and Fire, that are even longer! I could give...more
p555
aVNot entirely sure how to feel.... The book is divided into numerous chapters, each focusing on the stories of one of the many characters in the kingdom in which A Song of Ice and Fire take place. The character-focused chapters alternate randomly but continue off from the previous chapter chronologically instead of simply portraying the same events from a different person's point of view, which is what I'm used to in novels structured like this. The way A Game of Thrones is organized gives me mix...more
p556
aVGeorge R.R. Martin A Song of Ice and Fire SagaPlot:Long ago, in a time forgotten, a preternatural event threw the seasons out of balance. In a land where summers can last decades and winters a lifetime, trouble is brewing. The cold is returning, and in the frozen wastes to the north of Winterfell, sinister and supernatural forces are massing beyond the kingdom\u005cu2019s protective Wall. At the center of the conflict lie the Starks of Winterfell, a family as harsh and unyielding as the land they were bor...more
p557
aVi loved this book!! if you turn a blind eye to the details of the many many plots and simply concentrate on the human stories you will find that this book is a true roller coaster of emotion.GRRM's habit of killing off the characters - who i quickly became so invested in- has had me literally jumping up and down in fury.even now it makes my blood boil. ugh!! that said, the simple fact that he goes there -that he is willing to kill off major characters etc- is incredibly refreshing. the story fee...more
p558
aVOverall, Martin has created a world that is as rich and detailed as his descriptions of the heraldry of the various houses.  I'm not an appendix-first reader, so I didn't discover the lists of the houses/characters at the end until I'd actually read the entire book.  Even if I'd known of them, I've never been one to flip back and forth.  I distinctly remember a conscious decision after about the first three chapters that if characters didn't start to stand out and separate themselves in my mind, I...more
p559
aVThe writing isn't very good, the plot is a bit simple, but the I liked the cruel depiction and somewhat moral ambivalence of that world, which reminds of the Middle Ages. I'm a bit disappointed by this, but the plot is large enough to make me want to read at least the second book, which I've heard is better.Favourite Quotes:"In those days, the smell of leather and blood had clung to him like perfume.Now it was perfume that clung to him like perfume,(...)" - Narrator"She had a bony face, sharp ey...more
p560
aVI first heard about this book from some Martin devotees years ago, but I doubt I would ever have bothered to read it if I hadn't seen HBO's new (and phenomenally successful) TV adaptation, the third season of which is due to air in 2013. Although I've gone off fantasy a bit these last few years, all my friends - even the ones who normally wouldn't dream of watching anything even remotely like it - had been raving about the show, so I decided I'd better at least watch the first episode. One episo...more
p561
aVWhen I first picked up this book I was a mere fourteen years of age. Fresh from the light-hearted and frankly silly world of Alan Dean Foster's Spellsinger (an excellent series if you have not yet had the pleasure) I found this book heavy reading and quickly became distracted and forgot about it.Then salvation came in the form of an advertisement featuring Sean Bean on an impressive chair. I was intrigued and so went back to the book I had earlier written off. This, along with my decision not to...more
p562
aVLove this book and love the HBO tv series, too. I've read the first book after watching the first series and I was fascinated to see the minor differences between the tv series and the book. It's actually a bit of a lesson on translating something from the written word to the tv drama because I think the changes that were made were very sound. Obviously having the author on board helped - a lot of the dialogue is lifted straight from the book. The characters in this series are so beautifully dev...more
p563
aVLuego del viaje \u005cu00e9pico fant\u005cu00e1stico y el alucinante mundo creado por John R. R. Tolkien, pens\u005cu00e9 que en el plano de la literatura fant\u005cu00e1stica y \u005cu00e9pica no quedaba nada m\u005cu00e1s por explorar o, mejor dicho, nada que se asemeje a la Tierra Media. No voy a ser un hip\u005cu00f3crita y decir que conoc\u005cu00eda a la saga de Canci\u005cu00f3n de Hielo y Fuego desde antes de la maravillosa serie de HBO, pero lo cierto es que apenas hab\u005cu00eda escuchado comentarios al pasar de ambientes un tanto BigBangTheorianos (espero que entiendan mi peque\u005cu00f1a b...more
p564
aVAfter watching and largely enjoying the HBO series I was curious to compare the book to season one, so I borrowed the Kindle version of Fire and Ice (#1) from the library (more about that process later).  I was surprised, honestly, at how much I liked the book.  It has my favorite kind of narrative structure -- the Faulknerian/Morrisonian multiple narrators, so the story is told through various viewpoints, largely as it played out on screen, meaning that the POV shifted from character to character...more
p565
aVThis book was both amazing and maddening at the same time.  The story line REALLY pulls you in, and you find that despite the length of the book (books really, as I'm writing vaguely about the whole series -or the series to date anyway, which is only through book 5- here) the time spent reading (more or less) flies by.There are... extremely detailed... descriptions about almost everything - which is good for painting a mental picture or priming for the series which I have yet to watch, but can be...more
p566
aV*spoilers*I read this book quickly over the course of a week, curled up & out of the way of Beijing's summer thunderstorms.  I've been yearning for some classic sword-n-sorcery while my beloved Wheel of Time series gestates its final book, and I've been pleasantly surprised.  This book is a rousing start to what I'm sure is going to be an epic ride & I'm gonna go ahead & support the HBO-fueled hype surrounding the series.  I'm hooked.A Game of Thrones is an historical record.  Martin see...more
p567
aVThis book is worth it if you feel like you want to get involved in another world...cause that is what this is- the start to a very long and as yet unfinished series that tells the events of the fantastical world of Westeros with little attachment to individual characters. However, the series has great character development through character chapters written in the first person. I genuinely liked each character given chapters in this book; they are all very different from each other in terms of l...more
p568
aVI've been eager to read A Game of Thrones for a long time.  Thus far, this first book is the best of the series.  George R.R. Martin creates incredibly believable characters and the book is something of a page-turner.My issues are twofold.  First, I'm likely in the minority, with this because of our HBO culture, but over-the-top descriptions of sex and over-used explicit language annoy me.  I understand that in Martin's case the intention seems to be to paint an accurate picture of the bestial natur...more
p569
aVOverall, I enjoyed the book. This is the second time I've read it and it was significantly more confusing and new-feeling the first time. After watching the television show I did find it easier to keep track of the many storylines. I did, however, feel that some of the major scenes suddenly had less impact. The death of Eddard Stark is so much less shocking when you know it is coming and without the surprise/shock, that scene seems rather underwritten in the book. I do think it is a well-written...more
p570
aVI finished Games of Thrones today, and it was amazing. So, here is my promised review (there will be spoilers!) of the first in George R.R. Martin\u005cu2019s fantastic fantasy series. Firstly, I want to say how much I loved the way Martin structured the novel. For those who are unfamiliar with Game of Thrones, the story is told from various characters points of view. This includes members of the House of Stark (Lord Eddard, Lady Catelyn, and their children Sansa, Arya, Bran and Eddard\u005cu2019s bastard Jon), the...more
p571
aVThis book is an epic fantasy filled with incredible details and important character development that creates a believable world to fall into and become lost.  I was enthralled with the scope of the world developed by Mr. Martin and I found it difficult to put down the novel because I was so invested in these characters and their future.  The diversity of characters and their believable motivations based upon events and circumstances that we are privy to, make us care about a King, who should never...more
p572
aVOk, I have to be honest, I am 100% hooked on this series.I'd heard my friend talking about the series a while back but decided to wait until I finished my university course to read them as they're all pretty hefty books and I'm glad I did. I haven't read such a long book so avidly and quickly since the Harry Potter ones. I'm pretty sure it would have been bye bye degree had I started this book while still doing my course.As a lord of the rings fan I enjoy long stories with a detailed plot and th...more
p573
aVI\u005cu2019m not exactly qualified to write this review. For starters, I haven\u005cu2019t even finished the book (though I\u005cu2019m close). To quote Shredder, \u005cu201cSo Sue Me.\u005cu201d Also, and I am so so ashamed, I already know what\u005cu2019s going to happen\u005cu2026and you know why. For enders (?!), I have absolutely no experience with this genre. The genre of fantasy/middle ages porn/stories of magic. These pages, full of word combos that I would full on Zsa-Zsa Gabor slap in the face had they the decency to even own a face, were alternately cu...more
p574
aVI'm reviewing this book in a whisper. Lean in, please. George brings me back to hushed conversations about fantasy books I had with Ms. Lewis the librarian at my Catholic grade school. I skipped right past the life of St. Michael and straight onto the Red Wall Abbey Series, The Hobbit, the Lord of the Rings and eventually the Wheel of Time series (the end). Going to Catholic school, where I was told about a God-Jesus-Holy Spirit person, a.k.a. a super cosmic, holy flame sword wielding, wine chan...more
p575
aVA truly brilliant novel. It is difficult to remember that it's pure fantasy once you get caught up in the story. Martin's writing style is smooth and best read aloud (including dramatic pauses here and there. He successfully manages to transport his readers between different characters - from a rebellious nine-year-old daughter to a rich but troubled dwarf to a thirteen year old banished girl preparing to take her place as 'queen' of her people. Of course this leads to a heavy use of dramatic ir...more
p576
aVThe first book in the 'A Song of Ice and Fire' Series by George R.R. Martin. This first book follows, mainly, the journey of Eddard Stark and his family, as they move into court, onto the Wall, or into Battle. In a land of cold temperatures, undead creatures, and direwolves, the Stark family uncover a murder plot, and murders that have already happened, and are, because of this, now enemy's of the royal house of Lannister, who finds themselves in possession of the Iron Throne. **Good Book! This...more
p577
aVA Game Of Thrones displays many themes, some of the most emphasized on where Family, betrayal, and power. I think that George Martin was trying to show us through his story that power is a cruel thing that in the wrong hands (cersei)can tear strong bonds like family apart through lies and deceit.The events in the book reveal the authors incite to family and how strong and important family is and how your real family are not the people who are DNA alike but the people who love you and care about...more
p578
aVI've been a fan of the "Fantasy" genre since reading the "Chronicles of Narnia" aged 10. From there I progressed to David Eddings, Raymond Feist and Katherine Kerr. I've grown weary of it in recent years though, because it seemed too formulaic. Predictable. Tired. That is until I picked up Game of Thrones. It seemed that every fantasy series had a young magician/warrior ignorant of his/her power setting out to beat some dark lord who was bound to become some great evil in the world.... yadda yad...more
p579
aVSo, not a lot to be said about this book that hasn't already been said.But I loved it, even if I did find Martin draged it a bit and I did loose my thread from time to time. I do think it's because I already saw the 1 season of Game of Thrones and knew what was going to happen at every turn.But since I decided to watch the series later and read the books first, I had to read the first one as well, to get the feel for it and see if the characters were like portraid in the series.I'm happy to say...more
p580
aVI'm just going to review the series here: and be warned, if you're going to start this, be prepared to wait for years to get to the series ending as the author seems to have slowed down considerably (the 5th of possible seven books was published in 2011 and there's no clear idea when it will finally be OVER). One word: EPIC. Unlike the usual fantasy novels, this series is down and dirty; everybody is awful and beautiful at the same time; each novel continues the story in multiple and simultaneou...more
p581
aVI am going to start this review with a disclaimer:  I am not a fan of fantasy novels.  An now, I am going to contradict myself:  I loved this book.Okay, with that out of the way where does one even begin to summarize the massive tome of a story?  In the land of the Seven Kingdoms there are two prominent ruling families; the Starks and the Lannisters.  The battle to rule on the Iron Throne has been ongoing.  As Publisher\u005cu2019s Weekly wrote, \u005cu201csome fight with sword and mace, others with magic and poison\u005cu201d.  Lo...more
p582
aVLoved it, had to get the second book before it was finished. Thanks so much to the guy I was chatting to in the Warehouse who recommended it. I was reading an interview with George Martin discussing his books - for me one of the things that seperates his books from a lot of other writers is the charactors - a lot of his charactors are riveting. They are very grey - like real people. Even Cersei, (who I hated with a passion) had at least one redeeming quality - as her brother Tyrion stated she lo...more
p583
aVI typically finish books within 2 - 3 days, but this took me about 2 months to slug through.  The amount of time it took me wasn't because of the length either.  The only reason I didn't just flat put it down, was because the guy I was dating at the time had let me borrow it and I didn't want to offend him.  It was incredibly slow-paced and, "wordy."  I love to read, and I go through about 2 books a week, but there was just too much talking and not enough action.  I honestly wasn't even remotely inte...more
p584
aVGeorge R.R. Marin's A Game of Thrones is worthy of all the attention it has garnered. It is both broad and complex. There are a large number of simultaneous plot lines, frequently told from the perspectives of different characters. That is that the same plot line is advanced sequentially, but from ever changing perspectives. Further, the plot lines are intricate. The characters are three dimensional. They are frequently faced with real moral dilemmas. With few exceptions, each character's perspe...more
p585
aVI hate "fantasy" which is to say the ridiculous number of novels out there that are set in Lord of the Rings universe, but with just enough changes to avoid getting sued by the estate of J.R.R Tolkien. Basically, I see any book with elves, dwarves, magic, and a pretend medieval setting in it as literary sludge written by authors without a creative bone in their body.Aside from that, Tolkien's original works never really drew me in that much. The characters are two dimensional. The plot is standa...more
p586
aVUp until this point, I had thought The Lord of the Rings was the biggest epic there was (omitting the Dark Tower, of course... lets not get crazy!), but now I see that it was simplistic and about a dense as cork compared to A Game of Thrones. Man, I have not read so much character building and shady intrigue since The Mists of Avalon (which I never finished, alas...), and my head is still spinning from the onslaught! While it is extremely well written and undeniably well crafted as a story and w...more
p587
aVI wanted to like this book. I really did. I was settling in for a nice long summer read, and I went ahead and bought the whole series, so I wouldn't have to keep going back to the store. And then I read the first one. When the flight attendant on the plane saw me scowling at the book and told me it would pick up towards the middle of the book (as in, right around page 500), that should have been a clue. So, here are my issues with this book: too much political intrigue, not enough story. Not eno...more
p588
aVReading all the reviews posted, there is hardly anything more I can add, but I started this series watching the HBO TV adaptation and got totally hooked.  After the first season ran out, I bought the first book and then started on the 2nd so that I could find out what happens to the various characters etc.  I found myself enjoying the book for it's own sake and gradually, I left the TV adaptation behind.  I will watch the second series when it's out on DVD but it's not that important anymore.  I gre...more
p589
aVWhat is a fantasy?A fantasy is a ninety year old man who can still get an erection without the benefit of Viagra.  And that ladies and gents is what we have in A Game of Thrones, a book and a dvd I just finished.  Not only can the 90 year old Walder/Waldo/Walter/Whoever of Wasffghtuf still get an erection, he plans on buttering his toaster with some honey from his 15 year old bride (not main character).  EEWWWW.Yes, my little lambs, I do read other things beside historical romance and I have a few...more
p590
aVA Game of Thrones, Book One by George R. R. MartinNew York:  Bantam Books$22.44 - 726 pages\u005cu201cWinter is Coming.\u005cu201d\u005ct\u005ct\u005ct\u005ct\u005ct\u005ct\u005ct...motto of the House of Stark   Readers, be forewarned.  If you willingly enter the fanciful world of George R. R. Martin\u005cu2019s Songs of Ice and Fire: A Game of Thrones, you may find yourself \u005cu201cenchanted\u005cu201d like some hapless knight in Arthurian legend.  In other words, you will spend a significant part of your life, wandering enthralled through dark forests, frozen wastes and burning deserts - all...more
p591
aVWhat a book. Man this is a must read. I am a fairly slow reader, and I read this whole series over the summer, so that says something about them. I even bought them! I never buy books, I'm way too cheap for that.I'm sure you've heard stuff about this series already given the HBO series, but seriously, just read the books, their better. The HBO series is probably one of the best adaptations of all time, but the books are ALWAYS better. Martin is a master of suspense and plot twists so you are alm...more
p592
aVI first got into this series after hearing about the TV series last year, so I decided to read this book in preparation of the TV series. And my first reaction was "why didn't I read this sooner?"I used to think that Lord of the Rings was my favourite Fantasy series until I read this book. This is by far one of the best Fantasy series I've ever read! It has a detailed, well thought out plot which at times is difficult to follow, yet always exciting. The characters are extremely complex and I lov...more
p593
aVUp until A Game of Thrones, I hadn't read anything fun since forever. I had picked things up here and there, read parts of things, read for school, read for work. I had watched the first season of the television series and had fallen in love with Tyrion, Daenerys, Bran and Jon Snow. But I picked up my Mom's copy of this while I was on vacation and I couldn't put it down.This book made me ravenous. It awakened inside me the nine year old bibliophile who tore apart Lloyd Alexander books without kn...more
p594
aV After watching the first session of Games of Thrones on HBO I just had to read the first book. Normally I do not like to read a book that I have already watched however this is an exception. Watching the show made the world more compelling and easier to get in to than other fantasy novels.  From the very first book Danny is my favorite. She is a dynamic character that evolves from the opening to the dramatic and epic ending. Her ability to survive and remember what she has been through is what...more
p595
aVI thoroughly enjoyed this book..."Winter is Coming!" I'll admit that I was first made aware of this series through the HBO series based on the books.  But after I finished the first book, I had to immediately continue on to the second.  So far, this has been a great fantasy series with intriguing, engaging characters (I love Tyrion!), thrilling plot lines (can Joffrey just DIE already!), and beautifully portrayed settings (I want a Dothraki horse-lord for my own).  I think one of my favorite things...more
p596
aVThis book was entertaining. Not so transparent and unintelligently written that I would feel stranded with it on an airplane, but beyond that it has few redeeming qualities.One which I found most prickly is that ALL of the female characters save one (perhaps two) were manipulative, short-sighted, weak-willed shrews. The one who was not was a pre-teen tomboy; she instead embodied all of the noble characteristics available to the men in the story. We could detect the author's approval of her based...more
p597
aVI don't normally read this sort of stuff. I believe that books should prove their length to a reader. Tolstoy's massive tomes do that, and so do Dostoevsky's. Mann's and Wallace's not as much, but they are geniuses in their own right and try to do great things with literature, so you know, I tolerate and occasionally attempt to see what they were up to. However, whenever I take a detour through the fantasy/sci-fi section of book stores I am immediately put off by the size of the books. Why are t...more
p598
aVI did not love this book but I can appreciate why other people do. I don't love heavy description in books. That's a bad place to start. I don't love books with a lot of characters and no real opportunity to get invested in any of them before you get whisked away to someone else's point of view. Strike two. And I don't really enjoy reading endless battle sequences, which meant the last section of the book lost a lot of steam for me.Overall, I'm moderately interested in the story (parts of it mor...more
p599
aVTwists and turns galore!  This is the first book in a series that I will continue to read for the duration of the spring and summer.  For many years, I read historical novels depicting the "game of thrones" of Richard the Lionhearted, Mary Queen of Scots, King Arthur, etc.  The game, whether it was true history, or this "mythical" history, is about who will win or who will die to gain a king his title?  In this game, there is treachery, brutality, love, and loyalty.  There are rivals, one family agai...more
p600
aVI don't know what you want from me, hardcore fanbase. His prose isn't as good as Robert Jordan's, and yet it hardly keeps his wordcount down; his characters are fine or even good, but only occasionally get a chance to show as much, because they do not shine when they're thinking and most of them only rarely do even when they get to talk; and as good as many of his settings are, as well as he does tend to evoke a distinct and effective tone for each, everything that happens in them is so damn plo...more
p601
aVI have to start by saying that this is NOT my typical choice of read...but the series was coming on tv and my husband was totally into it and wanted me to watch with him.  Any time a show (usually a movie) is based on a book, I feel I MUST read the book first!  Because what if I love the show, and want to read the book, but it's so hard to get into a book after you've "watched" it!It was a bit difficult to get into, but then I did, and I became hooked!  There are a lot of characters to keep track o...more
p602
aVThere's no denying the story itself is a good one and most of the characters are well rounded and sustain your interest. Martin's strength lies in his ability to describe battle scenes (it was a masterstroke to report the sounds of battle, at one point, rather than the images) and successfully convey fairly complex human relationships - for the most part. His portrayal of the acid tongued, yet achingly human, Tyrion Lannister is another masterstroke, and, to be honest, he is probably the highlig...more
p603
aVgo to www.TheWindyPages.com for more reviewsBefore the HBO series started, a friend of mine told me I HAD to read this book. Now, let's get something straight. My friend does not agree with me on most things. In fact, I can honestly say I think we hardly ever agree. Maybe once. Every few moons.So I was reluctant to commit to a bazillion page book with only his recommendation that it would be good.Then I got to thinking- well, why the hell not? Audible, here I come.Many, and I do mean MANY, hours...more
p604
aV I love the premise of this series. Taking place in an alternate middle-ages where the magic of Giants and Dragons is mostly myth, the story focuses mainly on the drama of the kings court and his good friends in the North. Martin does a great job of regaling epic tales from the past while the seemingly innocent drama unfolding in the present quickly spirals out of control and becomes the crux for future rivals.  It took me a little while to get used to Martin's writing format. Each chapter is to...more
p605
aVA massive fantasy rich with imagination, detail, romance, and valor. Elaborate and gorgeous, this is a world unlike any I've encountered. The characters are as alive and beautiful as Daenerys' dragon eggs, their faults as compelling as their qualities, and the moments in which these strong, stoic people reveal their humanity touching. I highly, highly, highly recommend this book, even to non-fantasy lovers. Fantasy is not usually my cup of tea, but I'm a fan now. This is not your typical epic. G...more
p606
aVParts of it were well-told and captivating, especially the chapters from the point of view of the various Stark progeny. (The Starks are the more-or-less good guys who keep things under control up north.) Tyrion Lannister, the dwarf, is also a great character, the most self-aware of all of them so far, surviving by hits wits and family money. Less interesting were whole chapters devoted to battle logistics and politicking. There was an interesting supernatural dimension. I'll probably eventually...more
p607
aVOf all the books that I have ever read, in every genre; Fantasy, Sci-Fi, Non-fiction, Historical, etc. Nothing, No single book nor series, has been glued to my hands as well as this one. A Game of Thrones, is the first book in George R. R. Martin's soon-to-be seven book series of A Song of Ice and Fire, which takes place in the seven kingdoms of Westeros, the land beyond the wall, and the free cities of Essos. It follows the intertwining lives of eight of the series main characters, Eddard and C...more
p608
aVThe Good:  Defines the term "Epic."  Amazing characters.  Incredible complexity.  Never cheap.So it is well-known that my fantasy reading is woefully lacking, which is why I went on a shopping spree, scooping up second-hand copies of many famous fantasy series, mostly epic or heroic fantasy.  My line up as of now is: Perdido Street Station, Lord of the Rings, Iron Council, The Prince of Nothing, The Scar, The Long Price Quartet, and many, many others.  My Nook and office are bursting with these incred...more
p609
aVA Game of Thrones was a thrilling read and one of my favorite books of all time. The sheer amount of plot that exists in the story is stunning and at first it is difficult to distinguish characters and understand the story. As the book progresses however, you enter into the world of Westeros, you become attached to both characters and places, as Martin's detail is absolutely stunning and makes you feel like part of the story. The story that at first had me re-reading to get the names became the...more
p610
aVI thought it was well written enough in terms of wordcraft, but I didn't care for or about the characters that I had an inkling were going to survive, the only characters I liked I could tell were doomed to die, I can't stand Tick Box A (Cold--Did You See What I Did There--Stoic Europeans) and Box C (Nonsensical Barbarians) fantasy settings, and I don't care at all about Big Important Groups Maneuvering at each other, etc. Zzzz. Absolutely in no way shape or form my cup of tea, and I am sick to...more
p611
aVWith all the fuss about this having been successfully adapted into a TV series by HBO, I thought it time to give the novels a go.  It has been many years since I last read fantasy novels - I avidly read Terry Brooks and Lloyd Alexander when I was 13, almost twenty years ago now, but nothing in the interim bar Patrick Rothfuss's two novels. A Game of Thrones reminded me of all that I love in this sort of thing, and all the things I loathe.  Firstly it is worth pointing out that, unlike a lot of peo...more
p612
aVI found the book hard to get into. It chopped and changed from one point of view to another. But, after a while, that became a good thing. It is an elephant that you can consume in small bites. There were some characters that I felt an overwhelming urge to reach into the book and shake. And then I found myself making excuses for them; she's young and naive... what the? Why am I defending a fictional character? It is a gift as an author that a character can annoy the reader; they are more real.Th...more
p613
aV\u005cu201cA Game of Thrones\u005cu201d is the first book of a series of high fantasy novels which written by American author George R. R. Martin. This novel tells a story of thrones struggle among the Stark family and King Baratheon and King Robert. There are three primary plots in the story. Early in the story, on the return to Winterfell which is a country, Eddard's sons discover six direwolf pups, which are entrusted to Eddard's six children. The direwolf is the sigil of House Stark and is integral to the Stark...more
p614
aVA Song of Ice and Fire, of which this is the first book, has garnered George R. R. Martin the unofficial title of "the American Tolkien". There is some truth in that, although I doubt these books will have the cultural impact of The Lord of the Rings, nor do they have the epic thematic sweep of Tolkien's books. On the other hand, Martin's world is as fully realized as Middle Earth and has as deep a historical background. And Martin is strongest where Tolkien is weakest - in character development...more
p615
aVLet me preface this by saying that I never thought I was a fan of fantasy. I could not get into The Hobbit, and was never particularly excited about C.S. Lewis' books. However, I am a huge Harry Potter fan and a bit of a history buff, particularly about the middle ages, so when I saw Game of Thrones on HBO, I was interested and began watching it. After watching the first season, some of which I had to watch twice to understand what was going on, I decided to download this book. At first I was st...more
p616
aVI know - in terms of reviews, what difference can my little addition make to someone as established as George RR Martin? It's almost a case of "why bother", but oh my. I have to. I'm gradually adding books to my list and at the moment they're all 5-star selections. This is Goodreads isn't it? So these are mine. I may even have given 5-star ratings to other books on Amazon and elsewhere, but these are my absolute faves at present, the ones I want to shout about. And I just can't leave out Game of...more
p617
aVI was intially drawn to A Game of Thrones after watching the HBO tv series, which is brilliant, but let's not get sidetracked. So I already knew the important plot points before reading this book, but it was still incredible.I don't usually read adult fantasy-fiction, but this world feel so relatable to ours, you can really connect to it and not feel as if you are in an impossibly ridiculous scenario, like what frequently happens in fictional worlds.The chapters alternate between 8 character's p...more
p618
aVGeorge R. R. Martin novels read like parodies of George R. R. Martin novels, but somehow I'm enjoying them thoroughly.Downsides first. Martin isn't going to be remembered as a great prose stylist, and in some ways he's actually getting more stilted as A Song of Ice and Fire goes on. In the last couple of books he seems to be using word processor macros to turn "a lot" and "not much" into "much and more" and "little and less"; and he occasionally discovers a new medievalish word like "niello" or...more
p619
aVA Game of Thrones is the first in what is now a very well known series by George R.R. Martin. It is also worth pointing out that, whilst I thoroughly enjoy the fantasy genre generally, this is the first series that I have attempted to read which could really be called 'epic fantasy'. Reading a series of this nature really is making a commitment of time, and as such it is something that really does have to hold your attention. The first thing to note is that, whilst the scope of the story is impr...more
p620
aVThough there are many problems with HBO's version of A Game of Thrones, I must admit that it is compelling viewing.  It has often been my experience that there is normally a large difference between a text and a film version and with that in mind, I set out to read A Game of Thrones.Martin set his world in an alternate medieval history where dragons, earth based religions, the dead walk the earth. In this alternate world summers can last for decades bringing bounty and comfort however the ominous...more
p621
aVMake no mistake about it, this isn't a very good book.  A fun read, to be sure, and a deliciously trashy page-turner, but not very good.  The characters are mostly wooden, many of them over-idealized, some very silly (Sansa deserves an award for the most phenomenally stupid). While Martin doesn't commit any egregious crimes in the English language, his prose can be quite dead (and his constant use of the verb "mislike" instead of "dislike" drove me crazy).So why the three stars then?  One reason is...more
p622
aV(reviewer's disclaimer: as I write this, I've had two cocktails and three beers in the past three hours, so while this will not be strictly a Drunk Review, it will definitely be a Tipsy Review. To the extent that I've had to re-type "review" twice because I can't seem to spell it right. Viewer discretion is advised)My first exposure to this fantasy series was in high school when I was talking to a friend about books and she said, "Have you read the Song of Ice and Fire series? It's amazing." I h...more
p623
aVA Game of ThronesBook one of A Song of Ice and FireGeorge R.R. MartinBantam Books$8.99 In the first book of the A Song of Ice and Fire series, which has recently been adapted as a gritty, television show by HBO, George R.R. Martin has managed to create a compelling fantasy universe that\u005cu2019s unburdened by the typical pitfalls of high fantasy. The book\u005cu2019s lore is easy to swallow, its surprises are plenty and unexpected and the writing is unfaultable.Martin published his first novel over 35 years ago....more
p624
aVThis book was a fantastical journey through a world that seems to smack of past and future... This was the perfect indulgence to follow the Hunger Games because I wanted a series that was more adult (ie- SEXY) and just a longer read. This totally fit the bill. I loved how the book went not in chapters, but in perspectives of the different characters. It allowed the story to be told in a  way that I found very fluid and I enjoyed that style. This book contains a lot of imagination and it's own man...more
p625
aVFinalmente logr\u005cu00e9 terminar Juego de Tronos -y no por falta de tiempo-, pero con tama\u005cu00f1a cantidad de hojas me sent\u005cu00eda intimidada desde el comienzo. Por fortuna, la trama es de lejos, lo mejor de fantas\u005cu00eda \u005cu00e9pica que ha ca\u005cu00eddo en mis manos. Como dec\u005cu00eda, me intimidaban sus 795 paginas porque hay muchos libros de cantidades similares o superiores que son m\u005cu00e1s aburridos que el color blanco o tan insustanciales como el color gris -vayan ustedes a saber por qu\u005cu00e9 ando de colorimetrista el d\u005cu00eda de hoy. Pues bien,...more
p626
aVNOTE- THIS REVIEW IS FOR BOTH BOOK ONE AND TWO.   LAZINESS OR EFFICIENCY?  YOU DECIDE.What a great series.  I had heard good things for a long time, but never jumped in (probably the inherent fear of starting an epic, multi book story from the beginning, haha), but my friend Jeremiah gifted me the first one and I was quickly hooked.  Like a grittier LOTR, without most of the fantasy elements (they are there, but in the background, at least for the first book- they come much more to the forefront in b...more
p627
aVNO SPOILERSRead as an electronic version on the iPad.As a geek (small g) I was of course aware of the HBO version of the Game of Thrones and had read a legion of glowing reviews but had deliberately avoided watching it. I am a fan of DVD box-sets and of consuming them in marathon sittings so I was saving GoT for a rainy weekend. Also, living in Northern Ireland, where the majority of GoT was filmed it was impossible to get away from it - it's a small country. Even my girlfriend, who is about as...more
p628
aVI finished the book last week. I got through almost 700 hardcover pages fairly  quickly. Good flow and pacing.  Excellent writing  although there are a few very awkwardly written sentences here and there. George Martin knows his craft well. My only other exposure to martin is his short story "Sand Kings" which is considered a classic sci-fi short story.  I liked this book a lot; recommend it, and will eventually read the next book in the series - clash of kings. this book has a good story, plot, cha...more
p629
aVThe world Martin creates in this first book was exciting enough to propel me through the hard work of reading it. For the most part, I find Martin's style to be rather dense and difficult to wade through. Martin's world is full of capricious violence, soft porn, and very few (if any) strong female characters who aren't using sex to get ahead, so the stars I've given this book are given with reservation. In fact, the more books in this series I've read, the more I've come to feel that it's not ju...more
p630
aVFirst I know my opinion on this book is in the minority, but I writing this for my (few) friends.1-I found the material way too derivative from many events related to the royal families of England  and France. Basically I think if this was the goal, it would have been simpler to actually use England in the middle age as in Pillar of the Earth for example. And if you ever read "les rois maudits" (in English The Accursed Kings) you would know that reality beats fiction.2- By constantly cutting rela...more
p631
aVI started reading the original novel after watching season one of the HBO adaptation twice through and loving it. As others have pointed out, George R. R. Martin is extremely verbose when it comes to detailed descriptions of every scene, every outfit, every eye and hair colour. Some accuse him of filling hundreds of pages with purple prose, but I wasn't bothered by it. This wordiness lends itself to HBO's adaptation quite well, as well as the comic book adaptation. HBO is dedicating 10 hours to...more
p632
aVI was reading the reviews, and people just pissed me off. It's fast-paced, and he inserts treacheries, different points of views, myths and religion, and you cannot be sure if people are on this side or that side, if the myths exist or not, if that happened this way or that way. Such as in the real world. So, yes, the plot is confusing, but in my opinion, that is what makes it a wonderful book. You imagine it happening, in the same way an action movie would. It really depends if you like classic...more
p633
aVA Game of Thrones \u005cu2013 again the above description does a decent job of explaining the book so I\u005cu2019m not going to waste my time one it.First let me stress a few important details for anyone looking to read this book. 1)You have to be into high fantasy series, an absolute necessity to this/these books. Without the love you will find yourself frustrated in about 100 pages and possible set (more likely throw) the book down to never again read.2)If you are reading these books ONLY because you watched an...more
p634
aVFirst, I will note that I was sucked in enough to plow straight into book 2 on completing this one.  Even if it is sometimes excessive, I loved the descriptions of brilliant armor and feasts (though probably all the words could simply summed up with "extravagant" I appreciate the thought put into these visuals).  I do enjoy a good dark and twisted story, but I will admit that there was at least one point where I actually felt icky enough reading this that I almost put it down.  You will not feel go...more
p635
aVI received this series as a Christmas present.  I'd heard it was an HBO series, which didn't do much to make me want to read it, but a friend of mine whose opinions I value talked about how intrigued he was with the story.  So I thought it was worth the read.I wasn't completely sold at first, but the more I read, the more engrossing it became.  The only thing that frustrated me was that there are sooo many characters that it would sometimes take an excruciating amount of time to get back to a story...more
p636
aVI don't like fantasy.  Let me repeat that.  I don't like fantasy.  But I LOVE this book!  I really don't like to put it in the fantasy category, but I guess it belongs there if that is where Lord of the Rings is shelved.I'm on my second time through.  After watching the first season of the HBO series (we don't have cable TV, so I had to wait), I decided to go back and re-read GOT.  I'm catching SO much more this time and I'm sure I'll catch more every time I read it.  To me, that is the sign of a fanta...more
p637
aVAlthough the romance of chivalry is central to the culture of the Seven Kingdoms, and tournaments, derring-do and handsome knights abound, these trappings merely give cover to dangerous men and women who will stop at nothing to achieve their goals. When Lord Stark of Winterfell, an honest man, comes south to act as the King's chief councilor, no amount of heroism or good intentions can keep the realm under control. It is fascinating to watch Martin's characters mature and grow, particularly Star...more
p638
aVI really enjoyed this book, I'd heard so much hype about it but finally decided to pick it up after seeing the HBO series.I honestly didn't realize it was so polarizing until I read the reviews on here. I felt it was a good book, and a compelling read.To be fair, I'm not an avid fantasy reader. I loved the Harry Potter series (which I only read this past summer. a little bit of Lord Frey in me, I suppose) and I read Eragon as a child but never finished the rest of the series. So I can't really c...more
p639
aVTorn between "didn't like it" and "it was ok".Here's the deal, I like the concept and hate the story-telling. This goes for the whole series. Yeah, I keep reading them. I keep hoping that at some point these books will have a point. Five books in though, and it's only looking more hopeless on that front.The concept: several factions are vying for control of a kingdom that's pretty much gone to hell. The political ploys were interesting to me in the same way that the Dune books interest me. As I...more
p640
aVGame of Thrones - Book vs TV seriesHaving watched the HBO series for Game of Thrones, is it worth reading the book afterwards? That's the question I set to myself.I usually have a hard time transitioning from the screen to the book. I find that seeing the characters on screen, knowing their personalities and mannerisms too well can detract from my enjoyment of a book; it leaves little room for imagination when you know exactly how a character is suppose to behave at each step. On the other hand...more
p641
aVThis book was a maelstrom of awesome and ranks as one of my favorite reads in a long time. My interest in this book was slowly building to a head after seeing all of the rave reviews it (and the other books in GRRM\u005cu2019s epic saga known as A Song of Fire and Ice) was getting on various websites which I frequent. That little pebble snowballed when I heard it was being adapted for an HBO original series, and finally avalanched when I starting seeing some promotional ads for the show. Add all that toge...more
p642
aVDISCLAIMER: This novel is full of very explicit sexual content.  Being a Christian, I have a lot of trouble justifying the reading of this.  I gave up about 100 pages in on my first attempt because of that.  About a year later, I gave it another try and made it through.  I nearly finished the second book "A Clash of Kings" as well but found I had to stop reading again.  They say you are what you eat.  Well, in a very real sense, you are what you read.  I found that by reading these books, my mind began...more
p643
aVThis is not in my literary wheelhouse, and it was nice to read something so different from my usual genres. I enjoyed it thoroughly.I think the reason this has become such a crossover success is there's something in here for everyone, not just fantasy enthusiasts. Sure, there are lords and ladies and dragons and castles and moats and it feels a little like visiting a renaissance faire, but it's also an epic story of allegiances, battles, warring families, drama, love, coming of age, right vs. wr...more
p644
aVThe start of something that is absolutely amazing, to be sure. This is my first time in this series, after all the buzz for the past 2 years, the tv series on HBO and then it being voted to be read in our SF/F Book of the Month on Shelfari I had to finally give in and crack it open.Holy ShitThat about sums it up I think :) Martin sure does know how to spin a tale, intricate and life-like in many ways even when the fantastical does occur. By no accounts does this world seem to have magic in it, a...more
p645
aVThis is a difficult review to leave.  This book was recommended as part of our "very wholesome book seeking" book club.  It was never chosen to be read and thank heavens.  It is vulgar, violent and so sexually disgusting I skipped at least as much as I read.  It is obvious that the author is a serious pornography addict as regards the way the male characters view sex as a conquest of little effort, and the ronchier the better, while the women characters, especially the lower class ones, just offer t...more
p646
aVMy husband bought the first four books as a set, so once he finished the first book (game of thrones), I was able to read it. I'm not much of a reader of fantasy novels - for example, for the life of me, I still haven't been able to get through the Lord of the Rings.  As a result, I wasn't sure I'd like this book or even be able to get into it.  The book is written in the third person limited and each chapter is from the perspective of a different character.  I think this helped get the story movin...more
p647
aVThis book is amazing. There's not much to say about it that hasn't been said a million times already. So, I'll just focus on the particular things I liked about it.Short chapters, full stories:Each chapter is short and easily digestible. Good for dumb people (like me!). But, also the chapters, while obviously connected to the story, are almost self contained short stories. I like how I feel a sense of closure at the end of each chapter, but also a thirst for more. I couldn't wait to see what was...more
p648
aVThere were two great things about this book, so a star for each: the others/wall storyline were super creepy and rich with ambiance. I loved that whole part. The ending two scenes with Daenerys with her world being shattered, so she burns it down, are also fabulous. But these, unfortunately, were only a fraction of this long drawn out sprawl of story. Nothing in this book resolves (or in the series, as far as I understand), Martin gets out of taking his plot threads anywhere by killing off chara...more
p649
aV Fantasy is not my favorite genre, but after watching the HBO series based on George R.R. Martin's books, I knew I had to read A Song of Fire and Ice. Book 1 in the trilogy , A Game of Thrones, tells the story of the the Seven Kingdoms, united under one king, Robert Baratheon, and the families who seek hold of the Iron Throne, which presently belongs to Baratheon. The throne is in the city of King's Landing, and far to the north sits the land of Winterfell, where Eddard Stark is lord. Eddard and...more
p650
aVAGOT is the first novel in a series of novel by the author George R.R. Martin. HBO has made it into a television series. Only 4 of the books have been published thus far, the fifth one comes out shortly after the premiere of the new show. The first book was delightful. I finished the 800 pager in less than a week. No small feat, when you include work/sleep/Jon time in the mix of things I also do. But seriously, It was so delightful. It was quick paced, action packed, understandable, yet moderate...more
p651
aVReading this book has been a struggle. I really wanted to like this book. To be honest, I was so sure I'd like the book, based on friend's reviews, that I bought the whole series all at once. I was dismayed when I couldn't get more than 10 pages before becoming bored and putting the book down to find something else to read. It took me 6 tries before I decided the series was just never going to get read. A couple years later my fianc\u005cu00e9 saw the books on my shelf and asked if he could read them. I o...more
p652
aVEven though this is an epic of a book (length-wise, with many more epics following it in the series) there's a part of me that's simply a sucker for the long-winded. Especially when there's drama and intrigue and a range of characters - those you love, those you love to hate, and everybody in-between. A Game of Thrones is dark, but in a slightly delightful way. You can't trust that the good guys will live and the bad guys will see justice, and not in a way that makes you feel the presence of a t...more
p653
aVI never considered myself a fan of the fantasy genre, but maybe it's because I never gave it a real chance.  I tried to read this book in 2009 and only got to about page 19 before calling it quits.  Too many names.  Ew gore.  And bore.I grudgingly watched HBO's Game of Thrones premiere with 7 die hard A Song of Fire and Ice fans and got hooked.  It helps to have a room full of people answering questions afterwards.  I HAD to know what happened after the cliffhanger, so I picked up the book again and r...more
p654
aVI've now read this book 3 times.The first was the year it was published, the next 2 because groups of friends at the time swore up and down that this is the best story since the bible and i wanted to go from the start.Pros:A couple engaging characters. (Tyrion and Arya are my favs coming out of book 1)A good piece of story telling when not lost in the data dump.  I do want to know what happens to Tyrion, Arya and Jon.Cons:Data dump.  As with Robert Jordan and Neal Stephenson, GRRM force feeds me h...more
p655
aVI picked this book because a good friend practically begged me to, and while I'm glad I did, I think I see why he enjoyed it more than I did.First of all, I think this is a great book for what it is - it sets up the beginning of the A Song of Fire and Ice series. The pacing is excellent, the character development uneven and so-so, the balance of information given/withheld appropriate. I thought it was a very interesting study in the chaos/disorganization of war and the political maneuverings of...more
p656
aVI honestly believe Martin to be my favorite author of all time. Having read all of the books in the series, I cannot describe how empty I felt returning to other novelists, even those I formerly enjoyed such as Lackey. The books describe a very well sculpted and realistic world; what separates Martin from the pack is that his fantasy is not over-the-top. In fact, a lot of it is quite subtle. Actual scenes with magic are rare in the novels, and there's of course the matter of (view spoiler)[Dany'...more
p657
aVI'm generally not a fantasy reader, so surely my opinion should be taken with a large grain of salt. I was not very pleased with the constant switchings of point of view. While this is a large attraction for many readers, it's fairly frustrating to have one POV being told, have it ended, and then not return to it for another 100 pages or so. There's no doubt Martin has an enormous work, and all in all he's done better than most likely would at this scale, but the result feels rather like a soap...more
p658
aVI admit it: I read \u005cu201cA Game of Thrones.\u005cu201dAnd I\u005cu2019ll admit more: I liked it.It seems as though every review of this book begins with some sort of caveat, and (not being one to rock a steady boat) I shall do the same: I\u005cu2019m not a fantasy reader whatsoever (with one juvenile exception, see below).  I was utterly confounded by the first few pages of \u005cu201cThe Fellowship of the Ring\u005cu201d and their agricultural explanations of where the hobbits\u005cu2019 pipe weed came from, and have never before read a book with a well-oiled...more
p659
aVI didn't know what to expect when I started this.  It's gotten such raves from the blogosphere and this series seems to be everywhere you look for books that I was concerned it was be like Twilight for knights/dragons fantasy buffs.  I also resented the comparison with LOTR.  I mean, how accurate can that be?  LOTR is the best fantasy fiction ever.  So I started as a skeptic.  Now, having finished book 1 in this series, I have to say it's NOT as good as LOTR, but it's vastly entertaining.  Very plot dr...more
p660
aVI picked up this book with mixed feelings.My first literary love, back when I was just a small boy, was the fantasy novel; but for some time I had become sick of the whole genre. There would be a sword, a hero who was "the One" who'd been prophesied, and an emperor. Always an emperor. This series had been on my list for a while, but it was the HBO series that made me finally pick it up. I knew I'd want to read the book before watching.I'm glad I did. Forget all the cliches you expect. Like so ma...more
p661
aVWell, everybody else in the world seemed to be reading this series, and imagine my surprise when my library had it on audiobook. (YAY free books!) So I figured I'd follow the trend for a change. (I really look forward to seeing the show one of these days.) It's long, and took me about 30 days to finish it as I commuted to work every day.Anyway, I can see why everybody is getting sucked in. The characters and action really grab you. And  there are tons of characters. Hmm, how to summarize without...more
p662
aVIn a world resembling medieval times, this first novel exposes a Kingdom full of power, treachery, deceit, loyalty, and bravery.  The world differs in landscapes from a frozen wasteland to one of the warmest beautiful southern areas, to a complete desert where people live riding on their horses.  There are well known families throughout the land, but the forefront families in book one are the Starks, the Lannisters, the Targaryans and the Baratheons.  Robert Baratheon took the throne from the Targa...more
p663
aVGame of thrones is one of the most over-ratted epic series out there. Personally, i only got to the first novel, and i found myself becoming detached with both the plot and the characters. Not only are there simply too many protagonists to remember and create a relationship too, any characters that you do like end up kicking the bucket. I was really digging Robb Stark, a young upcoming lord with a righteous sense about him, but he died. like really fast. as in, a paragraph fast. He, along with h...more
p664
aVI liked it, mostly.  GRRM puts the EVAL in medieval.  (sorry...)Right away, I felt I was on the highway passing an accident. So interested to keep looking, but I knew something wasn't right about it.  I made it through the book because GRRM did a lot of things right: concise description, good scene/sequel pacing, 'new' take on fantasy, and killing some main characters off.  But there were quite a few less-than-enjoyable things, too.  I didn't appreciate the vulgarities as much as others did (how many...more
p665
aVIt is probably for the best that I read this book under the influence of a fever and an unidentified but unloving virus. It put me in the perfect mood for this book. A Game of Thrones is dark, violent, depressing, and slow. It is highly derivative and the majority of the characters are reprehensible and vile. It\u005cu2019s all the things for which I have little patience or desire. There is no humor in this book and even the virtuous moments are painful.That being said\u005cu2026it is a good book.If I were less stu...more
p666
aVDid I enjoy the book? I can't honestly say; I found it worrisome, more than anything else. I worried about the characters (others might complain about Eddard Stark, but I love a good, honorable man), I worried about the misogyny (which others have written about more eloquently in their reviews than I am able, at this time, but apparently you can't have a "Game of Thrones" review without mentioning the misogyny- and the sex; don't forget the sex), but I mostly worried about how in the world Marti...more
p667
aVThere is a great deal of badly-written, formulaic fantasy around and I was quite ready to discover that A Game Of Thrones was one more example. Instead I found it to be extremely well written, full of compelling characters and gripping storylines, a feast for fantasy fans and ordinary readers alike. Set in a mediaeval world where magic is only a rumour from the past, its main concern is with the power struggle that grips the country of Westeros when the king dies.  A tale of murder, intrigue and...more
p668
aVI technically didn't READ this book; I listened to it on CD, but I wanted to review it anyway because I loved it.  If you liked Lord of the Rings, you'll like this, too.  It's actually more accessible than LotR, I think.  This series follows multiple characters from multiple backgrounds.  Some are wealthy, some are not, but all are caught up in the problems of the realm.  There wasn't a single character that I wasn't excited to hear from.  There were times when I would get so caught up in one story th...more
p669
aVWhoa! Epic storytelling at its best. I approached this book as a skeptic, tired of the arm-twisting of a co-worker who insisted I read it. Within a few pages I knew that I was in the hands of a master storytelling craftsman. Understand that I had recently endured the amateur page-turning devices and almost laughable prose of Dan Brown's The Lost Symbol. Talk about the difference between the JV and Varsity. Martin's characters brim with life and depth and the reader finds himself caring deeply ab...more
p670
aVI enjoyed the book. It's a fun read. Will read the other books in the series. There's some suspenseful moments. Did I love it? Eh. I know the eight million characters to keep track of is, I guess, a "thing" for this genre, of which I'm only somewhat familiar, e.g. I've read Tolkien and Jordan but I'm not a huge fantasy person per se. But it kind of makes my head hurt to keep track of bazillions of names, especially those that get mentioned once or twice in passing but are never developed. On pag...more
p671
aVI really liked this book. Plenty of pace and not too many boring passages explaining in excruciating detail what I've already figured out, like so many books these days.  I really appreciated the lack of padding. Having said that, I expected the writing style to be a little more atmospheric. I've been a longtime fan of Mr. Martin, (since I was about 9 yrs old), and I expected a little more finesse from the man who wrote '' This Tower of Ashes'' and ''The Men of Greywater Station''. The enchantme...more
p672
aVI'm absolutely hooked on this series! In fact, I'm writing this review halfway into the fifth book. Because I'm so tardy with my review, the events and characters of the different books have blurred together, and I can't recall the specifics of A Game of Thrones. So, here are some of general things I remember loving about the first book. It's a great read, and not just a great fantasy read (actually, it's pretty light on the fantasy for those of you who may not embrace the genre). It's exciting,...more
p673
aVThis book was hands down one of the best books I have ever read in my life. No wonder they made it into an HBO original series, it's absolutely incredible! This book has every exciting aspect of mideval fantasy that you could ever possibly want. George R. Martin's writing style in this book is not only easy to follow, yet still authentic enough to have a mideval feel, it makes it easy to relate too. Unlike some other styles of old writing (i.e. Robert Jordan or Tolkien), I feel you can relate mo...more
p674
aVA Game of Thrones is testament to giving a book a second chance. Almost 15 years ago, I put the book down, disturbed by the whimsical flourish with which George R. R. Martin tortured, disgraced and offed his well-developed characters. I was sick of reading "political" fantasy, that seemed to spend more time in council rooms and with intrigue than it did bearing swords and fighting the good fight. Now, with gray hairs on my head and having gone through the intrigue and struggle of trying to raise...more
p675
aVI want to watch this on dvd so thought I would read it first as I like to get an idea of characters before they are formed for me (though knowing Sean Bean is Ned automatically colours that one in advance...). So - I got a second-hand copy of the first book, couldn't get into it, sent it to a charity shop. Then Kindle offered it at 99p and who could resist? Well, the (many) maps are imcomprehensible for me in that format but to be honest maps never do much for me anyway. But this time, I got str...more
p676
aVWow!  what a GREAT read.  Ok, you have to be into this kind of book.  I heard it described as "The Lord of the Rings" with more political intrigue. It also is a bit like "The once and future King" about King Arthur but darker.  But if you are in this sort of thing, either get this book now or stay far away from it!   I picked it up as an audio book at the library.  I have this problem with real books: once I start them I can't give up on them even if they are bad. I don't have this problem with audio b...more
p677
aVI have heard Martin called the "American Tolkien" but they are very different. J.R.R. Tolkien created a whole fairy tale world (including its cosmology and etymologies) with their legendary heroes/villains made real. Martin transposes the real world - with all its mundane, flawed or ignoble characters - onto an elaborately constructed fantasy world. As a result, the reading experience is as different as night and day.Even though I still prefer Tolkien, the fact that people will compare the two i...more
p678
aVI really should give this book 2 stars because there were some parts near the end where it picked up, but in general this book was really boring. The whole first half was setting up all of the different families and characters and histories (and there are about 18,434,942,384 characters to keep track of, too). The writing style was irritating in the extreme, half of the time trying to be high and noble but sounding fake, and then switching jarringly back and forth to a totally different register...more
p679
aVI enjoyed this book, although it was not without flaws. I appreciated that even though it was a fantasy, Martin kept it more "realistic" by not having a ton of magic and strange creatures and the like. Despite its length, I thought the book had good pacing, and I liked how the 3rd person limited switched perspectives, although a few of these narrators I found less interesting, such as Sansa and Bran. However, several were excellent, such as Eddard, Jon, and especially Tyrion, my favorite charact...more
p680
aVI could write for days about this book, but I will try to limit myself for this review. READ IT! Even if you don't like fantasy, even if you don't like darkness and drama, do read this book. It is SO well written. Martin makes writing a book like this seem so easy, it makes me sick (especially since I am an aspiring fantasy writer myself). His language is rich without being boring, and you are guaranteed to end each and every chapter with very striking images and feelings that propel you right o...more
p681
aVI read all available five books at the time of this writing in one shot, so it's a little difficult to review them individually.  I will write about it under this book.The series, as a whole, is ridiculously compelling.  The fact that there is no overall moral justice to the story just makes it all the better for non-stop page turning.  Meaning, if someone is "good", there's no guarantee they'll have "good" things happen to them, and the same goes for "bad" people.  And not even in a "good people mu...more
p682
aVI realize I'm behind the times on this series - but I've only seen 1 episode of the HBO adaptation, so I came to this book with a pretty open mind. The complexity was reminiscent of WoT (though, it's been years since I've read any Robert Jordan..), which if you're a fan of pure fantasy, is possibly a good thing. Luckily, I am just such a fan/geek!Overall I really liked this first installment, and I'm jumping right in to A Clash of Kings. A few notes though, first...(view spoiler)[- I was warned...more
p683
aVTo be honest, I'm not a huge fantasy fan. I've read Harry Potter, but, I grew up with those books. I am the Harry Potter Generation. Generally, I read YA novels and wonder why there are no boys for me. But last week, I stumbled across the first novel in the Song Of Ice and Fire series, A Game of Thrones.I have to say, I have mixed feelings about this book. First, there is so little exposition that even halfway through the book, I was still confused. There's also several narrative threads woven t...more
p684
aVDer Winter naht. Das zumindest ist der Leitspruch der Familie Stark, die im Norden des Landes lebt und eine zentrale Rolle bei den kommenden Ereignissen spielen wird. Am Ende werden sie mit ihrer Warnung auch Recht behalten, denn auch wenn dieser Sommer Jahre dauerte, so mehren sich die Anzeichen f\u005cu00fcr den n\u005cu00e4chsten Winter, der den Sommer noch um einige Jahre \u005cu00fcberdauern wird. Genau davor f\u005cu00fcrchten sich die meisten Leute dort, vor der K\u005cu00e4lte, die Menschen im Schlaf erfrieren l\u005cu00e4sst. Noch weiter im Nord...more
p685
aVYeah, I know where the haters are coming from: Sean Bean isn't in the book, the characters are pretty unloveable, and there's no bad emo-fantasy-wish-fulfillment-romance going on.So what? ASOIAF is still one of the most important fantasy epics of the last 20 years, and in my opinion it deserves every 5-star review it gets. That's not to say that there aren't some clunkers and clangers, or humdrum hands-in-pockets moments, further on down the line, or that the plot itself has become so planet-spa...more
p686
aVWhile I don't consider this a great book when compared to all books, it is a singularly outstanding work of genre fiction, the genre being swords and sorcery. Its virtues include: solid writing (the quality of the writing never distracts, and sometimes even enhances the story); astonishing level of rich, carefully thought out detail that succeeds in evoking a large, varied, but coherent fictional universe; rich and complex characters (not by the standards of literary fiction, but remarkable by t...more
p687
aVI am on book 3 of this series, and it is akin to Lord of the Rings, but with much more complexity.  I enjoy the format of reading about the characters in each chapter, and find myself looking ahead when I am done with a chapter to find out when I get to read about that person again.  In Tolkien's series his heroes weaknesses even seem appealing, but George Martin manages make his characters more than one-dimensional.  It is hard to decide from time to time if you love or loathe a character as you a...more
p688
aVI had doubts wading thru the first few chapters since it's been a while since I've dared take on something this lengthy and complex, but it soon grabbed me and I couldn't stop reading. Fans of Hobbits and unicorns may find the grit and violence too disturbing, but I welcome the realism.The world-building intrigued me, but GRRM doesn't spend a lot of time elaborating on it. Some of his character and place names seemed unimaginative and derivative, and others way too similar (e.g., Arrya/Arys). Th...more
p689
aVI had picked this book up on whim wanting to know what this new series was about and not expecting too much considering how infrequently I stray from nonfiction, let alone into fantasy novels. What I found, though, was everything I could ever want in any kind of fictional work: betrayal and secrecy, warfare and passion, cynicism and idealism, mystery and beauty. Mr. Martin's writing is superb, his characterizations flawless, and his stories engrossing. To think that so much was fit into a novel...more
p690
aVI began reading this book along with my aunt and two cousins for our own little book club.  I knew about it from a friend of mine who was familiar with the HBO series that was being aired at the time.  My aunt had heard that it was a great series and since we were all science fiction fans, she felt it would be something that we would all enjoy.  We decided to read it together and discuss what we read every week.  I have to admit that in the beginning I was very confused.  Despite the maps and Houses...more
p691
aVThis book definately takes some patience in the beginning chapters; it doesnt ever get really meaty and indepth but skims the surface and you never get engaged with the characters. A pleasant read, however there are MANY characters that are described in a few words and then put out of mind, it's very hard to keep up with all of the goings on... Also, I've never been a fan of multiple-points-of-view in books; it grates on my nerves to have to read a story in bits and pieces. So after I started th...more
p692
aVMy word I wanted to like this one, I was really looking forward to getting my teeth stuck into this, as I was expecting a really meaty fantasy series. Unfortunately what I got was a soap opera. Lets be clear here, I'm a fantasy junkie. I love it. From Tolkien to Paolini, from Eddings to Gemmel and back to Moorecock, I've been reading this stuff since I was 11 years old (currently 27.) And in all that time I've never been as bored or as irritated by a book as this one. To start off with the chara...more
p693
aVI wouldn't recommend this - primarily because the next four books don't live up to the promise, and I think there are better series out there. I'd actually recommend watching the HBO series instead. It's well-filmed and does a good job of making the whole thing more clearly digestable. First off, this book is intriguing and engaging - and if it were self-contained and not part of a series, I'd recommend it.  In regards to the series, it drags on by book 5, and even the author seems to struggle un...more
p694
aVI have many problems with GRRM and his writing style, the way he portrays women, etc. BUT I have to admit that this book was a lot easier/more enjoyable to read after I had watched the show. I had attempted to read it 2 times before but had difficulty getting a grasp on the characters. Watching the show was a huge help in differentiating between the characters and it made them seem much more developed. I'm glad that each chapter switches between characters, but I found that half of them were qui...more
p695
aVWinter is coming.  In a land where seasons can last for decades, even lifetimes, the cold is returning and with it, the Others.  Since few have an encountered an Other and lived to tell the tale, many folks of the Seven Kingdoms of  Westeros don\u005cu2019t believe that they actually exist.  Despite large numbers of disappearances from the Night Watch, the military order responsible for guarding the immense Wall along the northern border of the Seven Kingdoms, the main thing on everyone\u005cu2019s mind is the trouble...more
p696
aVDespite my four star rating, I took issue with the plot and character development with the former hinging strongly on the latter. I sense that the Stark family has some importance to the plot since they are aligned with the mythical direwolves, but why did Martin make them so unlikable? Honor and duty are great traits but they can only go so far before blissful ignorance and stupidity take over. As Cercei told Lord Eddard Stark, it's a game of thrones, baby. And for whatever reason, Martin made...more
p697
aVA friend recommended this book about 10 years ago. I made a mental note to look into it some time or other.Time passed and I saw that the book had been televised.  Being without a television, I loaded the book onto my Kindle and started to read with high expectations.The book has a medium pace and can feel a little slow at time.  Part of the problem is that there are many characters and while a few appeal, most are one dimensional.  The story has many threads and twists and turns.  Most of the chara...more
p698
aVI don't think I would have got round to reading this if I hadn't seen the HBO TV series, but I'm glad I did.The series is excellent and is an attractive way to enter the world that G.R.R. Martin has built. The world-building is excellent, and the world built is not just some disguised variant of Tolkien's world. So I think the biggest effort the reader must make is in the first part of the book, as the world is slowly set up from within. Ted Friedman thinks that there is a significant turn in th...more
p699
aVIt took me a while to read this since it was almost a re-read.  I'd watched the series on HBO, the first season of which covers the first book.  HBO did a FANTASTIC job on recreating this for TV.  The book had more detail & differed slightly, of course.  Martin has created a wonderfully rich world & told us just enough about it in this book that I'm hungering to learn more.  There is so much history that is hinted at - too much, unfortunately.  I almost took a star away because I just don't fi...more
p700
aVI first came in contact with the story through the HBO mini series that made a bit of a splash last year. I watched maybe three episodes and gave up on it, thinking it was an incomprehensible story. I came back to the book because it was getting so much play. All I can say is that the producers of the mini-series must have egos as big as castles. There is no way you could make this into a movie. I read somewhere that it has 300 characters! And there story is so convoluted, it takes none but a ma...more
p701
aVGeorge R.R Martin's, A Game of Thrones, is title that cannot simply be missed. This fantasy/science story personally did not appeal to my genre liking of books at first. As you start to flip the pages you are introduced to wide range of characters with their own unique qualities and goals. The plot is very suspenseful with many different sorts of twists keeping the reader on their toes. Every chapter follows the story of a different character, which can become confusing at times, but each indivi...more
p702
aVA Game of Thrones is the first in George R.R. Martin's series A Song of Ice and Fire. It follows the story of the Starks, a noble family from the north, who must, in various ways, deal with the politics of King's Landing, the capital city. The most striking feature about the writing of the novel is the constantly shifting viewpoints between the characters. Readers are not locked down in any one point of view, but rather flit between characters with every new chapter. This allows Martin to strate...more
p703
aVAs with many things, I am coming late to this series. Nevertheless, I came away extremely impressed by this tightly written epic of civil war, politics and (a little) magic.Though set in the sort of generic Middle Ages familiar to most fantasy readers, Martin avoids many of the more annoying cliches. For one thing, magic is subtle and blessedly rare, and human beings (and there are only humans so far, though other races are hinted at) are far more evil than any demon lord in their lust for power...more
p704
aV\u005cu2026 Martin has worked as a screenwriter in the past for the television shows Beauty and The Beast and Twilight Zone. He also wrote the script for the Game of Thrones episode \u005cu201cThe Pointy End,\u005cu201d which was one of the best of the season. While reading A Game of Thrones the sense of visual is also there, but at no time does one feel as if they are reading a spec script. Martin creates a world, with a complicated history. The geography of Westeros is extremely well depicted. As much as there are the inev...more
p705
aVI completed all four books of this R rated fantasy cycle in early September. I read straight through and enjoyed them immensely. This is the first major cycle of this type I have ever read. (Unless you count Chronicles Of Narnia or His Dark Materials - neither with the visceral impact) I'm glad I chose it. It is very adult and I would not recommed it for younger readers as it contains both continual graphic violence, sexual activity and a level of cruelty and immorality that, while certainly ger...more
p706
aVA few years ago, a friend and I came to an agreement. I would read "The Fellowship of the Rings", if he would read "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone." I made it through "The Fellowship of the Rings", but I have never felt moved to read the other two volumes in the series. I find fantasy a little hard to get through what with the complex lineages and the mythical creatures and what are often (but not always) overly traditional gender roles. Harry Potter is more palatable somehow, even with a...more
p707
aVI will admit, I was completely unaware of this book series until halfway through the first season of HBO's show "Game Of Thrones." Only after season 1 did I begin to read the books. Not normal for me, as I try my best to read the books before I see the movie/show, however I was just as pleased with the book as I was with the show. Despite knowing how it all went down, I can see why Martin is known as "the American Tolkien". His talent for detail and imagination is remarkable. Every character and...more
p708
aVsaya baca buku ini setelah nonton tv series-nya jadi mungkin ada sedikit perasaan aneh setelah mengetahui tokoh2nya masih muda2 bangett di buku. robb n jon baru 15 thn whaaaaaaatt??!kelebihan yang sekaligus adalah kelemahan buku ini adalah tokohnya yang seabrek. di satu sisi, hal ini membuat jalan ceritanya begitu berwarna dan seruu, tapi di sisi lain juga membuat kita capek, mengingat2 tokoh ini siapanya si itu dan si itu kok tiba2 muncul di sini. sekali lagi, karena sudah menonton serialnya jd...more
p709
aVI read this book because of all the hype surrounding the HBO show. It looked great, from what little images I'd seen, so I decided to pick up the book and read it before watching the show (thanks to the Read it First pledge.)This book tortured me. It made me want to scream and it made me put it down for days at a time. But every time I did, I'd pick it back up sooner or later, and I'd find it just as easy to read as it ever was. George R.R. Martin's writing style is such that by the end of the b...more
p710
aVIf you are a fan of fantasy I can't recommend this book highly enough. It may even appeal to people who aren't generally fond of the genre, as it is anything but standard fare. The author has devised a vast world with diverse cultures, and uniquely interesting people.  The plot involves, among other things, events that parallel the War of the Roses. In Westeros a mad king had been deposed years ago, but the one who usurped him turns out to be the only thing holding the kingdom together. Political...more
p711
aVClearly no coincidence that George R. R. Martin's name is reminiscent of J. R. R. Tolkien's as the medieval-esque universe created by Martin in his mammoth fiction, A Song of Fire and Ice, will surely be added to the cannon of fantasy literature alongside The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings.  Martin's universe is less black and white than Tolkien's as the good do not always win and the bad are not always evil.  A Game of Thrones is The first novel of the saga and introduces you to many of the cha...more
p712
aVAfter being absolutely riveted by the HBO series, I knew I had to read these books.  I spent many years of my reading life in the fantasy section, but haven't really visited it in probably the past 12 years or so, which is the only reason I can think of for why I'd never previously heard about Martin's 1996 debut Game of Thrones. Unbelievable right?  Well I'm now well on my way to correcting the mistake.At a staggering 807 pages before Appendix's, in paperback format, with the most dense little pr...more
p713
aVOutside of Lord of the Rings, I am generally not terribly interested in fantasy, but between a few subliminal messages, rumors that this series apparently provided inspiration for BioWare's Dragon Age: Origins, and  the fact that my brother sent me a gift set as a birthday present, I gave it whirl. I'm not so sure I would want to take a tour through George R.R. Martin's head. I plowed through this book with steadily increasing horror, because I honestly had no idea people could be this horrible,...more
p714
aVGeorge R. R. Martin has created an entire cast of characters who grab your attention right from the start.  Each chapter is from a different point of view and it helps to draw the reader into the tale.  A few chapters go by and you find yourself asking "I wonder what happened to..." and then the very next chapter fills in the gap and answers some questions, but not all.  Being the first book in the series, it does leave many questions unanswered, but that's what makes you want to grab the next book...more
p715
aVA fantasy epic of staggering proportions and imagination set amongst some of the most beautifully written characters that have appeared in fiction in a long time.From the noble lords of the North we are introduced to the Stark family whose lives, loves, adventures and actions form the heart of this story. War is coming to the land as the King's in-laws begin to slowly plot their way onto the throne. Lord Eddard Stark unwittingly wades into the midst of these schemes and his family's' lives are f...more
p716
aVThis book made me a smarter reader. I don\u005cu2019t know that I have ever referred to a character chart as much as I did while reading this book. And while the number of characters initially seemed overwhelming, Martin does a good job of differentiating them from one another so that they are distinct, round people that don\u005cu2019t feel like cookie-cutter stereotypes.The story immediately grabbed my attention, then kind of lost it in the middle, and then really picked it back up at the end. Being one of the on...more
p717
aVMost of us have been introduced to the Epic Fantasy world Gerorge R.R. Martin created through the HBO Recreation television series A Game of Thrones which premiered April,17 2011. Although the book was published in 1996, nominated for four awards, winning two, the novella Blood of the Dragon, comprising the Daenerys Targaryen chapters from the novel won the 1997 Hugo Award. The book didn't gain it's real popularity until the hit show, finally reaching the #1 spot on New York times Bestseller lis...more
p718
aVI bought this after watching two episodes of the TV series and thinking 'you know, it's been a while since I really got my teeth into a fantasy series'. I haven't regretted it and am already tearing into book two. It's been a long time since I've read a book where characters are in so many cases such flawed humans and presented in such a compelling way. It also has some genuinely uncanny moments which can send a delicious shiver down the spine. Above all, you genuinely begin to fear for some cha...more
p719
aVIn any other fantasy series, this book would have been the second installment. The story probably would've been served better had Martin told the story of Robert's Rebellion in a separate book (releasing a prequel on that subject still isn't a bad idea).As it is A Game of Thrones reads like the middle chapter of a three part epic. Almost all of the action is a consequence of events that happened fifteen years earlier. We're briefly introduced to characters who saw their prime during the previous...more
p720
aVFrom ReadingWithMo: http://www.readingwithmo.com/2011/06/...Following the release of the new HBO series A Game of Thrones, there has been renewed interest in George R.R. Martin's A Song of Fire and Ice series of novels. I purchased the paperback some time ago, but delayed starting it due to the size, it is upward of a 1,000 pages. One of my employees at work started it and loved it. So, on his recommendation, I finally began.A Game of Thrones is a huge story, following three powerful families, t...more
p721
aVFinally finished this one, which everyone else in the free world has already read I'M SURE.  I liked it a lot more than I like most books with that very vaguely medieval/"storm the castle!" feel to them. It's pretty rollicking and most of the characters were interesting and the ones that were focused on the most tended to be the ones I liked the best, so that's always a plus.  I confess I did a little bit of that thing where if I couldn't keep some of the various characters straight, instead of tr...more
p722
aVThe book was primarily about the different houses that reside in the Seven Kingdoms of Westeros, the most important, for the purposes of the book, being the Starks and Lannisters. I found that George R.R. Martin employed perspective extremely well in the novel. It is, at it's base, a story about betrayal and loyalty, being proud and noble, or working to survive. That's where the perspective shift employed by Martin really kicks in. In most novels I've read, there has been one clear protagonist a...more
p723
aVI LOVED this book! I don't get HBO so have never seen the series, but of course, it is one of the most-talked-about shows on TV right now. I borrowed the book from a friend and was totally hooked.  I loved (and hated) that the author was not afraid to endanger major characters. I don't want to give too much away, but there were several parts that were truly shocking because you expected a totally different outcome. It is extremely graphic and violent but it fit with the plot and didn't seem gratu...more
p724
aVI would say this is a good book, but not a great book. There are great characters, for sure, but overall, it gets very long - bordering on annoying.Placed on some unnamed medieval planet, several houses of lords are vying for power. There are the conniving Lannisters, the stoic Starks, and the last of the dragon-lords. So if you like fantasy or medieval stories, odds are you'll like this.If you dislike reading a description of what every single person wore to the jousting tournament,  you probabl...more
p725
aVPrude rating: Graphically described violence. Sex scenes (though they are usually 2 paragraphs long and easily skipped.) Cussin'. Incest. Child brides. This is what happens when the fantasy-loving geek kids in school grow up to become highly adept authors. This is not your typical fantasy book. In fact, for most of the book, the fantasy elements mentioned are the stuff of legend. It's not until the last couple of hundred of pages that they start to show up again as real. By the time they show up...more
p726
aVWell written fantasy can be a great story, unfortunately finding it is not so easy within the general genre. With so many others to enjoy, I chose to skip fantasy in general until watching Game of Thrones on HBO. Here was a story that seemed more like historical fiction rather than fantasy. So I thought to read the book and see what I might have missed in translation from print to screen. Quite a bit it turns out. What bored me about recent fantasy it had become the same old meal, perhaps served...more
p727
aVThis is interesting books,,,It combine a politic and phantasy. But in this first book the politic is have more portion. Actually it's a little bit disappointed since it's started with encounter of White Walker. But it's not appear after all.But at the end of this book, the born of dragon, the night watcher departure is surely will be a sign of phantasy in the second book.And there is no primary actor I think after reading this first book. Eddard Stark is executed at the end, although I think he...more
p728
aVUnpopular opinions about books: I have them. I only finished this out of sheer will and stubborn cussedness. I was very sure, from the moment Bran was pushed out a window, that this was not going to be a book I would like. I don't think that it was poorly written or not fully realized or sloppily executed. I think it's pretty disgusting, dark, dreary, and utterly devoid of hope and love. And you know? I look for a little more escape in my escapism. What kills me most about this book is that Time...more
p729
aVI enjoyed this book; the swapping of view points was done cliffhanger style, so just as you were completely invested in one character, you were yanked away to another character. But the plotlines were interesting enough and the characters well enough drawn that just as I was about to flip forward in the book to find the character I had been so rudely pulled away from, I'd get interested in what was going on with the new character and I stayed. That's saying something for me, because I'm one of t...more
p730
aVI feel extremely conflicted about this book/this series.  There's a lot here to that I find troubling, but mainly: 1. A lot of rape.  OMG, A LOT OF RAPE, YOU GUYS.2. A thirteen year old girl married off/sold at to a grown man.  The wedding night was not written as a rape scene (I think it was supposed to be sweet?), but a thirteen year old child cannot consent to have sex with a man in his thirties.  NO.3. Incest.4. All the scenes with the Dothraki are super racist.  GRRM may be a creepy old man, but...more
p731
aVI had high expectations for this: everywhere I looked, I heard how great this series is. Then I previewed the first episode of the HBO series, and was dismayed by how much smut and sleeze is in it. Then a client that I respect told me how much she loves these books, and I decided to give it another try, hoping that the HBO version was worse than the real books. As it turns out, HBO was actually pretty accurate. I stopped halfway through Chapter 7; I had read 4 chapters today and completely lost...more
p732
aVFirst off, I find it amusingly ironic that many of the reviewers who have complained of Martin's heavy writing are fairly long-winded themselves! My eyes are nearly falling out of their sockets after making a stab at wading through some opinions on this page. However, I do like to get a feel for what other people think before I start a review of my own. I hope to bring someone great joy to readers by adding that, fighting my own poor habit, I will try to keep this short and sweet. Alright, I'll...more
p733
aVFrom my blog: (__/)nymfaux...George R.R. Martin\u005cu2019s Game of Thrones is the first book in his A Song of Ice and Fire series, a medieval fantasy series set in the land of Westeros.  Long ago, there were seven kingdoms held by seven kings.  Then the Targarians came, Aegon the Conqueror and his sisters, flying on fire-breathing dragons, conquering the seven kingdoms and claiming them as their own.  All the other kings became lords, and the Targarians reigned until Jaime \u005cu201cKingslayer\u005cu201d Lannister slew the M...more
p734
aVWOW! So at first I was slightly confused and jumbled with the switch of point of view from the different characters ... but once you get a couple chapters in ... you're hooked for the long haul.  While epic long, I was never at a loss for interest in this book!! I even found that I loved being able to see everything through everyone else's eyes... awesome vantage point and very necessary to bounce back and forth throughout the lands.   I was heartbroken many a time throughout the novel just because...more
p735
aVWatched the series on HBO which was most excellent (except for superfluous nudity which is a shame because the series didn't need it...it's such an amazing story), so decided to read the book (it had been #1 overall on Amazon for quite some time).  Thankfully, the book didn't have some of the junk that the series had, and man was it good.  Over 800 pages, so it's a stout read, was able to knock it out in a week over vacation.  But the storylines and the character development is impeccable.  Martin d...more
p736
aVThis book is aptly named. "A Games of Thrones" is a political drama with a soap opera flow. As with most fantasy, there is great tradegy, warfare, backstabbing, innocence lost, an endless list of characters, and heros made. What I found unique about this book is that I did not actually like any character as a person but I quickly became invested in their welfare. I cared about what happened to them even through a part of me cheered because everyone seemed to get what they deserved in the end. I...more
p737
aVThe first book of this series held my interest and Martin created a very complex world filled with the various casts of humans, with the upper-class royalty or nobles as the main characters.  Speaking of main characters, this single book has more characters to me, than it really requires telling the story, but in epic tales this kind of background is important and enriches the story.  It\u005cu2019s an effort to keep the characters straight, but it\u005cu2019s worth it.  Nothing about this book/series is for the casua...more
p738
aVI love the machinations in this!  I was introduced to the book the night we started watching the HBO series.  I normally go out of my way to read a book before watching the film version - this is the first time I started reading the book after seeing the film adaptation.  I was impressed.I watched the first three episodes before I first picked up the book, and I just couldn't keep reading.  I wanted to read the book to add fill in any little character development that wasn't important enough to make...more
p739
aVSeems like everyone is reading these -- me because I wanted to watch the HBO series but then thought, I'll never read the book if I do that first.  This despite having several fantasy aficionados tell me, effectively, "It's a great series.  You shouldn't read it."  Apparently the series doesn't quite live up to people's very high hopes as it continues?Regardless, this is a fantastic debut for the series.  Game of Thrones is less "wizards and shit fantasy" than Arthurian legend, with a rich and belie...more
p740
aVIn the interest of fairness, I should admit I'm not much of an epic fantasy reader (I prefer my fantasy character-driven rather than one giant love letter to Nonspecific Fantastical European World Creation).However, I won't deny that A Game of Thrones is compelling.  The real question is...why?  Martin is obviously enamored of his world more than his characters, spending much more time describing battlefields and structures and histories than actually developing the people living in them.  Other re...more
p741
aVOk, so this is actually the second time I've read the book.  I first read it about 5 years ago and was completely engrossed.  But when I found out that it was part of a very long series that was NOT EVEN CLOSE TO FINISHED, I gave up.  So I only read book one (let me tell you - it was hard not to pick up the second book).I had an epiphany after watching the first HBO season, that perhaps I should read all the books out right now because, well, it would give me great joy.  So though it might end in fr...more
p742
aVIn the Seven Kingdoms, winter is coming. Summer has lasted over 10 years and autumn is finally approaching, the harbinger of a long winter. North of the Seven Kingdoms, a supernatural force is gathering to battle against men. In the kingdom, the Hand of the King mysteriously dies, prompting King Robert Baratheon to ask his friend Eddard Stark to fill the position. Before he leaves, Eddard's son Bran has a tragic accident and he leaves not knowing whether his son will live or die. He enters King'...more
p743
aVPeople said the books are good for years and they had been on the "will probably read this when I have time" list for some time. I finally got around to it because I wanted to watch the series after I read the book - and wow, did I read it.Personally, I feel the critical claim is very justified. If you don't like epics or epic fantasy this is probably not your meat because it fulfills all expectations - sprawling plots with plots up-on plots and advancing the plot is not done fast but neither is...more
p744
aVThe key to writing a good book in a multi-book series, I think, is that each book should have a satisfying ending; even if you still have many loose ends to resolve in future books, each volume should be able to stand on its own and make you feel a sense of resolution when you finish it. On this, "A Game of Thrones" totally fails. It was interesting, sure, the characters and the houses and the royal intrigue and such. But it's as if Martin has written a single book of excruciating length, then c...more
p745
aVSimply WOWDespite this book had been published more than ten years ago, I only heard about this book recently, after my friends started ranting about the series with the same title adapted from this book on HBO. Also, the first time I heard about George R. R. Martin was on this 9gag post: http://d24w6bsrhbeh9d.cloudfront.net/.... From the comments I understand that George R. R. Martin had a notorious reputation to kill his characters often and easily. I knew it the hard way. After I read this bo...more
p746
aVThe amazing thing about this book is the way that George Martin reinvents epic fantasy without a hint of postmodern irony in sight.  This book is on so many levels very serious and straightforward, featuring all the elements that any fan of the genre has come to expect.  There are hereoes, villains, magic, epic battles and dragons; superficially it's the stuff of complete cliche.  Yet this book still feels fresh, exciting and surprising.  By shifting tone and context and style (this is more akin to...more
p747
aVI suppose it's not unusual for fantasy books to be long or slow-starting, but A Game of Thrones felt longer and slow-starting-er than most. Once it gets going, it turns into a gripping tale of kingly bloodlines, monsters from the woods, and royals in exile. Surprisingly, the political intrigue takes center stage, departing from the genre's usual focus on magic spells and epic battle sequences. The thoughts and motivations of the characters call to mind the moral conflicts of Orson Scott Card's w...more
p748
aVAfter reading the final page of this book, I immediately thought, "what a triumph."I know that sounds cheesy, but Game of Thrones is high fantasy at it's best. Here are my top 5 reasons for believing so:1.  The book is realistic. As in life, the hero doesn't always win, or even live.2.  Westeros is a complex and very well thought out society. Each culture has its own unique, believable characteristics, and as I kept reading, I found myself more drawn into this world.3.  It's easy to get caught up i...more
p749
aVI really liked this book.  That being said it was a little difficult to get through.The first half seemed to zip by.  I was being introduced to the world and there was a good amount of back story and a good amount of shuffling around.  There are several characters that we get as story narrators.  I liked that, it broke up the storyline some which I appreciated.Part of what made this book a bit hard was the relations of everyone to everyone else, but that's what made it fun and sticky as well.  Someti...more
p750
aVThis is a great start to a series that will probably become a classic (that's what everyone is saying, anyway). It blends hints of the supernatural (really just hints in this volume) with medieval political intrigue and genuine mystery. The characters are well-drawn and multilayered; Martin resists the urge to resort to stereotyoes. He also resists the typical pattern of storytelling (e.g. if the hero is about to get the girl, you know something will get in the way because they can't ride off "h...more
p751
aVI liked the book series a lot. I'm just not sure how much I loved it. He's flashback happy and about half way through the book, I was very tired of him having a character remember a dangerous happening that was completely robbed of suspense, because the character was remembering it. While I don't mind character pov shifts when down on a chapter basis, let me say there were characters I loved reading and others I had to force myself through. It probably didn't help that I'd already watched the se...more
p752
aVOk, I'm a latecomer to this series.  And I haven't seen the TV adaptation.  At least this will give me time to get caught up before the most recent book comes out in paperback.  Anyway....An epic fantasy featuring all of the things one wants in epic fantasies - ambition, lust, power, love, loyalty, swordplay, treachery, battles, etc.  What makes this one work especially well, I think, is that the characters are complex - noble and shortsighted, loyal and treacherous.  There's a lot for the reader to...more
p753
aVI have very mixed feelings about this book.  Over the years, I have rarely read any fantasy, fearing that everything in this genre would pale in comparison to The Lord of the Rings.  However, Martin's series seems to generally be regarded as one of the handful of best works in this field.Sure enough, Martin is a skilled writer.  The various plot lines and characters are interwoven so that the pace rarely slackens, and I was intrigued enough to keep reading.  A classic page turner.  And, at the end, M...more
p754
aVIts all very well to have a list of books that you are very sure you want to review but every bibliophile has a set of distractions that plague his journey. I am no different. I happened to watch the Series A Game of Thrones recently and after watching the first episode I forced myself to pick up the book which I had tried to read and abandoned two or three years ago.Fantasy has been stereotyped of late and most people are happy to read the standard and oft tread path of the young squire realisi...more
p755
aVI read the first chapter of this book, and I had NO idea what was happening.  There were referances to a "Wall" and "men who took the black" and so many more foreign sounding things.  It was not until about half way through the book that I began to appreciate the way that George Martin wrote.  You are introduced to so many characters and so many ideas at once, that you cannot help but want to learn as much as you can about the universe.  Now lets talk about the characters.  Martin's writing style is...more
p756
aVThis was an amazing book--an epic fantasy of good versus evil with the most creative creatures and plot I have read in a long time.  I think it probably deserves a 5 for the sheer power of the plot that is so compelling.  However, I don't recommend it to many people unless they love fantasy and don't mind extreme violence.  It seems to be written on some levels as a young adult novel but the amount of depressing violence, both on the individual and global battlefield levels, is disturbing.  I ended...more
p757
aVI first read A Game of Thrones back in 2000, and since then I think I have read it a further five times. I would not re-read a book that I did not love and yet this time around the experience reading A Game of Thrones was a bitter one.I still loved it. Yet, at the same time, I hated it. For what is held up to be the epitome of epic fantasy, A Game of Thrones felt much more like horror. Dark scenes set to shock, the dead walking, and points in the story where you wanted to wish it all away and qu...more
p758
aVThis in my opinion was the best of the series so far. Though I am still reading book five, so I will reserve my permanent opinion until I finish the current book. I love the character development and rich descriptions. If I have any complaint about the author at all it is that he includes many many names of characters that show up once, insignifcantly, never to be seen again. Or, there are many character names mentioned by other significant characters in the book that never appear at all. For me...more
p759
aVWhat an epic tale this was. George R. R. Martin isn't just a highly talented fantasist--he's an incredible writer, genre regardless. And with such feats as writing for The Twilight Zone and Beauty and the Beast, no one in their right mind could ever deny that. I have just begun his epic series of fantasy novels known as A Song of Ice and Fire, but I am already hooked. With A Game of Thrones completed, I eagerly move on to his next volume, A Clash of Kings, which promises to be even better than h...more
p760
aVThis is complicated.There is a lot of good to say about this book. It's well written, and masterfully paced. The characters are complete, have individual and unique motivations, desires, and fears, everything that characters are supposed to have. On the flip side, I don't really like most of the characters. Everything that the characters do seems utterly motivated by their flaws, as if those are really the only things that matter to the author. Like he wants us to see that the world is just comp...more
p761
aVThis was an impulse buy in the supermarket. But I liked the HBO series and was curious to see if it held up as a novel. The fantasy genre is not one of my favorites, though I love Tokien -- at least The Hobbit and LOTR -- and this seemed from the TV series to have a nice hard edge to it, and not a lot of self-conscious funny names. (Lannister and Stark are surely meant to echo Lancaster and York, right?) Count this as a pleasant surprise. Martin knows how to create varied and interesting charact...more
p762
aVI don't read much fantasy. Most of the admittedly little I attempt to read just doesn't hold my interest, and when it involves clear forces of good fighting clear forces of evil, my brain always makes unfavorable comparisons between it and Tolkien's Lord of the Rings trilogy, which captured my heart at an early age. But, compelled both by the raves of a number of friends and by the tremendous praise the HBO adaptation has received, I decided to give Martin's A Game of Thrones saga a chance, and...more
p763
aVAlmost done with this mammoth first book in the fantasy series.  Won't belabor the plot as its been all over given the HBO adaptation, but will say that it takes A LOT to get me to keep reading fantasy, a genre I've read to death - so it has to be either very good or very original to keep me reading.  Martin weaves a number of compelling characters into the narrative, and the world of Westeros is well-wrought.  Like most good fantasy writers, Martin plunges us straight into the world, not giving a...more
p764
aVAfter seeing the fantastic HBO series, I got the book and was surprised, despite a few details, how faithfully the television show followed the book. In the country of Westeros, a land where seasons can last for years, "winter is coming", bringing change and turmoil to a realm encased in a decade-long summer.  Lord Eddard Stark (Ned) of the great northern kingdom of Winterfell, is called to be "the Hand of the King" for his childhood friend and now reigning monarch, Robert Baratheon. Ned quickly...more
p765
aVI try and avoid doorstop fantasy novels. After Robert Jordan's never-ending Wheel of Time series, I became cynical and disillusioned with the notion that a series of novels that stretches literally thousands and thousands of pages and shows no sign of ending just isn't something I can get jiggy with anymore. I mean, Tolkein at least stopped after three books. Robert Jordan literally died before finishing his series- which I believe is hovering somewhere in the 13, 14 book range at this point and...more
p766
aV\u005cu041d\u005cu0435 \u005cu0445\u005cu043e\u005cu0447\u005cu0435\u005cu0442\u005cu0441\u005cu044f \u005cu0432 \u005cu044d\u005cu0442\u005cu043e\u005cu043c \u005cu043f\u005cu0440\u005cu0438\u005cu0437\u005cu043d\u005cu0430\u005cu0432\u005cu0430\u005cu0442\u005cu044c\u005cu0441\u005cu044f, \u005cu043d\u005cu043e \u005cu0441 \u005cu0440\u005cu043e\u005cu043c\u005cu0430\u005cu043d\u005cu043e\u005cu043c "A Game of Thrones" by G.R.R.Martin \u005cu0441\u005cu043b\u005cu0443\u005cu0447\u005cu0438\u005cu043b\u005cu043e\u005cu0441\u005cu044c \u005cu0442\u005cu0430\u005cu043a: \u005cu0432\u005cu0441\u005cu0435 \u005cu043f\u005cu043e\u005cu0431\u005cu0435\u005cu0436\u005cu0430\u005cu043b\u005cu0438, \u005cu0438 \u005cu044f \u005cu043f\u005cu043e\u005cu0431\u005cu0435\u005cu0436\u005cu0430\u005cu043b. \u005cu0425\u005cu043e\u005cu0442\u005cu044f \u005cu044f \u005cu043e\u005cu0447\u005cu0435\u005cu043d\u005cu044c \u005cu043d\u005cu0435 \u005cu043b\u005cu044e\u005cu0431\u005cu043b\u005cu044e \u005cu0442\u005cu0430\u005cu043a\u005cu043e\u005cu0435 \u005cu043f\u005cu043e\u005cu0432\u005cu0435\u005cu0434\u005cu0435\u005cu043d\u005cu0438\u005cu0435 \u005cu0438 \u005cu0432\u005cu0441\u005cu044f\u005cu0447\u005cu0435\u005cu0441\u005cu043a\u005cu0438 \u005cu0441\u005cu0442\u005cu0430\u005cu0440\u005cu0430\u005cu044e\u005cu0441\u005cu044c \u005cu0435\u005cu0433\u005cu043e \u005cu0438\u005cu0437\u005cu0431\u005cu0435\u005cu0433\u005cu0430\u005cu0442\u005cu044c. \u005cu0412 \u005cu0441\u005cu0432\u005cu043e\u005cu0451 \u005cu043e\u005cu043f\u005cu0440\u005cu0430\u005cu0432\u005cu0434\u005cu0430\u005cu043d\u005cu0438\u005cu0435 \u005cu0445\u005cu043e\u005cu0447\u005cu0443 \u005cu0441\u005cu043a\u005cu0430\u005cu0437\u005cu0430\u005cu0442\u005cu044c, \u005cu0447\u005cu0442\u005cu043e \u005cu043c\u005cu043d\u005cu0435 \u005cu0434\u005cu0430\u005cu0432\u005cu043d\u005cu043e \u005cu0443\u005cu0436\u005cu0435 \u005cu0445\u005cu043e\u005cu0442\u005cu0435\u005cu043b\u005cu043e\u005cu0441\u005cu044c \u005cu043f\u005cu043e\u005cu0447\u005cu0438\u005cu0442\u005cu0430\u005cu0442\u005cu044c \u005cu043a\u005cu0430\u005cu043a\u005cu043e\u005cu0435-\u005cu043d\u005cu0438\u005cu0431\u005cu0443\u005cu0434\u005cu044c \u005cu0445\u005cu043e\u005cu0440\u005cu043e\u005cu0448\u005cu0435\u005cu0435 \u005cu0444\u005cu044d\u005cu043d\u005cu0442\u005cu0435\u005cu0437\u005cu0438, \u005cu043a\u005cu043e\u005cu0442\u005cu043e\u005cu0440\u005cu043e\u005cu0435 \u005cu0445\u005cu043e\u005cu0442\u005cu044f \u005cu0431\u005cu044b \u005cu043e\u005cu0442\u005cu0434\u005cu0430\u005cu043b\u005cu0451\u005cu043d\u005cu043d\u005cu043e \u005cu043c\u005cu043e\u005cu0433\u005cu043b\u005cu043e \u005cu0441\u005cu0440\u005cu0430\u005cu0432\u005cu043d\u005cu0438\u005cu0442\u005cu044c\u005cu0441\u005cu044f \u005cu0441 The Lord of the Rings \u005cu041f\u005cu0440\u005cu043e\u005cu0444\u005cu0435\u005cu0441\u005cu0441\u005cu043e\u005cu0440\u005cu0430, \u005cu043d\u005cu043e \u005cu043f\u005cu043e\u005cu0441\u005cu043a\u005cu043e\u005cu043b\u005cu044c\u005cu043a\u005cu0443 \u005cu0432 \u005cu044d\u005cu0442\u005cu043e\u005cu0439 \u005cu0441\u005cu0444\u005cu0435\u005cu0440\u005cu0435 \u005cu043b\u005cu0438\u005cu0442\u005cu0435\u005cu0440\u005cu0430\u005cu0442\u005cu0443\u005cu0440\u005cu044b \u005cu044f \u005cu043d\u005cu0435 \u005cu043e\u005cu0447\u005cu0435\u005cu043d\u005cu044c \u005cu0440\u005cu0430\u005cu0437\u005cu0431\u005cu0438\u005cu0440\u005cu0430\u005cu044e\u005cu0441\u005cu044c, \u005cu044f \u005cu043e\u005cu043f\u005cu0430\u005cu0441\u005cu0430\u005cu043b\u005cu0430\u005cu0441\u005cu044c \u005cu0447\u005cu0438\u005cu0442\u005cu0430\u005cu0442\u005cu044c \u005cu0447\u005cu0442\u005cu043e-\u005cu043d\u005cu0438\u005cu0431\u005cu0443\u005cu0434\u005cu044c \u005cu043d\u005cu0435\u005cu043f\u005cu0440\u005cu043e\u005cu0432\u005cu0435\u005cu0440\u005cu0435\u005cu043d\u005cu043d\u005cu043e\u005cu0435. \u005cu0418 \u005cu0442\u005cu0443\u005cu0442 \u005cu044f \u005cu0432\u005cu043f\u005cu0435\u005cu0440\u005cu0432\u005cu044b\u005cu0435 \u005cu0443\u005cu0437\u005cu043d\u005cu0430\u005cu043b\u005cu0430...more
p767
aVThe moment I turned the last page of Game of Thrones by George R.R. Martin, I immediately checked to see if there was a copy available at my local library for the next book, Clash of Kings. There it was, all 1000 pages of it. I breathed a sigh of relief. You have before you a penitent, former skeptic, now convert. I get it. It may be 100 degrees outside, but my friends, Winter is Coming!!! Let me back up a little as to how my book club decided to read Game of Thrones for the month of June 2011 i...more
p768
aVI'll come clean before I start the review: I got into the series after hearing about HBO's adaptation.The goods:The plot of the first book (and further ones) isn't about good-versus-evil. It's about people-versus-people. Such honest is refreshing.The characters are well-developed and three-dimensional (with a thousand pages, they'd better be!). All of the major players in the game have their own reasons and motivations for doing so. Some are honorable and others are not.This is a personal here,...more
p769
aVRemember those fairy tales we were told as children about knights in shining armor, happy princesses, and charming princes all living happily ever after in their elegant castles?  If you\u005cu2019re looking to return to those innocent tales, run away\u005cu2026and fast! ;-)  However, if a fantasy world filled with dragons, a dwarf, walking dead and a wide variety of characters, ranging from kings, queens and knights to children, thieves, old crones, prostitutes and murderers, you just might love this book as much as...more
p770
aVAfter watching one season of Game of Thrones on HBO I decided it was time to read the books.  This series is an excellent fantasy series and I loved it! It took me a few weeks to get through this first book.  I think it was mostly due to the strong similarities between the show Game of Thrones and the book leaving very few surprises or events I did not already know about from watching the show. However, there were quite a few details and character thoughts which made more since to me after reading...more
p771
aVThis review does not contain spoilers.Many people have said it before, and it holds true--this series is more of a political chess game than a dragons-and-swords fantasy.  Compared often to Tolkien, I can see the comparison only in the quality of the writing, and general subject matter.  In tone, the series are profoundly different.  Tolkien's world is truly magical, populated with walking, talking trees, lithe, beautiful elves, fire demons, griffons, wizards, and rings that posses the bearer by wh...more
p772
aVfor a book that requires you to be immersed in a brand new world with unique characters, places and events, a game of thrones does a phenomenal job. perhaps it's because i came fresh off of watching the series, and so my review obviously is based on a comparison of the two, but the book itself was quite an exciting and interesting read. the book begins on a high note that it sustains pretty much throughout the entire 700+ pages - no 20 slow starting minutes here, but rather it dives into the act...more
p773
aVThere are a LOT of characters to keep track of, and the author does try to give some hints as to where their storylines left off the last time.  There are also many different regions that seem disconnected throughout the first novel, which I assume he make connected in later books.  There is a lot of back-and-forth feel to the novel because of how much jumping around there is.  Each chapter is focused on a different character, and really told from their viewpoints.  Some chapters go back to previous...more
p774
aVBoth of my sons read this and recommended it, but it was my love of the HBO mini-series that really got me curious enough to start on such a long series.And I am really enjoying them. I'm currently on the third book and plan to read them all.Similar in writing and feel to The Once and Future King by TH White, and also similar in scope and cast of characters to The Fellowship of the Ring by JRR Tolkien, The series follows a large number of characters on their journeys and battles throughout the S...more
p775
aV(Reprinted from the Chicago Center for Literature and Photography [cclapcenter.com]. I am the original author of this essay, as well as the owner of CCLaP; it is not being reprinted illegally.)Oh Lord, here we go, I couldn't help but to think last month, when my friend Mark R. Brand handed over his copies for me to borrow of the first four volumes of George R.R. Martin's "A Song of Ice and Fire" saga, already nearly four thousand pages of what a growing amount of people are starting to call the...more
p776
aVI'm not a fan of the fantasy genre--although I'd like to be. I like the concept of fantasy; I love the notion of somebody designing a culture and building a story world around it. But I find few examples of the genre that actually interest me. So years ago when somebody gave this novel to me, I put it on a shelf and didn't read it for a few months. When I finally picked it up, I was riveted. This is a complex and, for the most part, an internally consistent story world. Even more impressive, thi...more
p777
aVI admit, this book was difficult for me to get into at first. So many names and families and places, and the way the author jumped from one character to the next each chapter left me confused. After the first 200 pages or so, though, I worked out who everyone was and where they belonged and the story took off. The imagination it takes to create such a detailed world is staggering. Reminiscent of Tolkien or C.S. Lewis, with its richly unique setting, the reader is transported into a world of men...more
p778
aVYeah, yeah - I'm a noob. I rushed to read these books after watching the first season of the Song of Ice & Fire series, Game of Thrones. My superior nerd friends scoffed, since this series started in the late 90s. They've had a lot of time to out-nerd me, I know, but I initially paid GoT no mind because high fantasy isn't my thing. While a lot of the novel wasn't new - the dialogue in the show is pulled directly from the books! - it was rewarding to have so much one-on-one time with each mai...more
p779
aVA prelude to what has been and will surely be an enduring series for years to come, it's been a long time since a book this thick has hooked me so well. While the Song of Ice and Fire series (of which A Game of Thrones is the opening chapter) bears all the markings of a familiar fantasy epic, where it differs from the herd is in its treatment of the characters. You have your heroes and your villains, but the lines sometimes blur, in that characters sometimes do the right thing for the wrong reas...more
p780
aVSo, this will be a review of the first four books, given that the next one will be released Tuesday.  Overall, I really liked these books although they were each tomes.  Martin has a way of really getting into the head of the characters and each character is a "round" one, given that no one is truly evil or truly pure.  One of the biggest feasts that Martin pulls off very well is that he KILLS OFF MAIN CHARACTERS, something that most authors cannot pull off well and keep one interested. This is not...more
p781
aVEvery so often I was put off by Martin's writing style- it almost seems to me that he tends to leave out prepositions sometimes. That is to say, he writes "he sits on throne" or "we will sit the table" instead of "he sits on the throne" or "we will sit at the table." I'm sure this was intentional, but I'm not sure what to think of it.That's the only thing I didn't like about the novel. But I loved pretty much everything else.Most stories set in a medieval society don't have a suitable voice for...more
p782
aVOk, I will admit that I probably jumped on this a bit late, and due to Facebook Status updates I knew some spoilers.  That being said, I hadn't read a "Fantasy" book in about ten years b/c I started to find them fairly monotonous and unoriginal. In my teens they were my favourite books, so I just figured it was a genre I outgrew.I really did enjoy the book b/c it's not really so based on magic and all, but on a civil war (The War of the Roses).  The characters are very believable and all have thei...more
p783
aVI started watching the series on HBO and just enjoyed the hell out of it. I've read quite a few books but had never read a so-called "fantasy" book before now. I actually finished the HBO series before reading this book. Turns out the series followed the book, dialogue and all, almost word by word. Excepting that the book was much better as it filled out the story line and characters more. Well duh. I like the way Martin has each chapter alternately cover one of the main characters. I'm already...more
p784
aVWell, like a growing number of people I read this after seeing the recent HBO dramatisation, to see if they match up. I refuse to make any comparisons to the drama or to Tolkien in this review - it wouldn't be fair or appropriate.So, overall, we've got a fantasy book with most of the fantasy taken out. This actually is attractive - without the usual gamut of monsters and magic to move the plot along, a lot of more of the page count is devoted to building the world and society the characters move...more
p785
aVI got my cousin and close friend the first three books of George R. R. Martin\u005cu2019s A Song of Ice and Fire series for Christmas last year not knowing a single thing about them.  I only knew that a co-worker and my ex-roommate both love and swear by them, so I figured it would be a good present.  I thought it was another fantasy series, like Lord of the Rings, full of mythical beasts, quests to reclaim ancient artifacts and a plot ready for a CG party.  It wasn\u005cu2019t until after they arrived that I realized...more
p786
aV   Like many people, I began the novel because of the new HBO adaptation, and like many people, I fell in love with it. Maybe it was the politically enriched story, the vivid characters, the gritty realism, or maybe all three. This review is meant to find out.Story-     A Game of Thrones begins in the land known as Winterfell, where the people are as fierce and cold as the weather. The faction that inhabits Winterfell is the House of Stark, which is led by Lord Eddard Stark (Ned). Ned, and his family,...more
p787
aVI\u005cu2019ve been offered fantasy books by lots of readers, academics, friends and family. Maybe it\u005cu2019s the fact that I goggled at The Hobbit in 5th grade, maybe it\u005cu2019s the fact that I really do like renaissance festivals and quests and dragon slaying and lots of other , maybe it\u005cu2019s the fact that I kinda-sorta resemble Westley from The Princess Bride. Whatever the case, I\u005cu2019ve been encouraged to read everything from Redwall to The Once and Future King, and in every case I\u005cu2019ve failed to go much beyond 50 pages....more
p788
aVFor the first time in my life, I actually read a book because of the television show it was based off of instead of the other way around. I'd resisted reading this series for a long time, one because it is high fantasy, and two because my brother promised me it would make me cry.So far I haven't cried, but it is dark. Very dark.  GRRM understands this middle ages.  In GRRM's medieval-flavored fantasy, swords are for hacking people to bits, not for clashing harmlessly against each other. Life in th...more
p789
aVThis book, this series, is simply monumental. The world is huge, and shown in extreme detail, and we also get to see it from many different points of view (through the eyes of the characters).The world much resembles the Middle Ages, similarly to a lot of other fantasy worlds out there, but there is a significant difference: magic, in all its forms, is extremely rare, and is mostly believed to be a mere legend. This was very unusual for me, as reading the Song of Fire and Ice series is a lot mor...more
p790
aVIn anticipation of watching the HBO adaptation on DVD, as well as the imminent release of the (VERY) long-awaited fifth installment, I'm re-reading this series from the beginning for the third time, and because I've moved five times and am fifteen years older since this volume first appeared, I sprang for the larger trade paperbacks as well as the unabridged reading on audiobook by Roy Dotrice.First, let me add my huzzahs to the general chorus of those whose love A Song Of Ice And Fire: it is tr...more
p791
aVI read this book because I liked HBO's adaption of the book and was interested to see how they adapted it. I don't reject the decision for one minute. This is a well written book that captures the imagination of the reader on just the first chapter alone. Martin has created a diverse cast of characters with personalities that make a reader like or hate instantly. His allusions to various knight and sci-fi tales from the past are well used to give die-hard readers from these genres smile in delig...more
p792
aVSince I'm one of many that picked up this book because of the show, I find it hard to appropriately review this, since it follows the TV show so closely. I actually was surprised how little "extra" stuff there was to be found in the book than in show, but it did help clarify past events that can be hard to follow in heavy dialogue of the show--Aerys Targaryan and the like. Sansa's given a little more ink, plus a friend, which makes her a bit more sympathetic. It's refreshing to know she's not st...more
p793
aVA Game of Thrones starts out slowly, and I got frustrated at least once when I couldn't keep all the heraldry straight, but once the ball got rolling and I began to associate families with their lords, this book really took off! This story is told from the viewpoint of a handful of characters, most belonging to the Stark family with a few notable exceptions. Each chapter is dedicated to one of these narrators and provides a terrific window into their motivations and feelings. Notably, Martin has...more
p794
aVGeorge R. R. Martin does a number of things well in this book, and the result is a complex and intriguing read that I couldn't put down until I reached the last page.  Martin's world building is excellent.  He uses a feudal setting in which magic and dragons are real.  The world in which this book is set has summers and winters that last for years.  As another harsh winter of cold and darkness approaches, tensions arise in the seven kingdoms that result in the murder of the king.  War comes to the ki...more
p795
aVI'm torn between four and five stars for this start to what I hope is a brilliant series. The best compliment I can give to the author George R.R. Martin is that I immediately began the second book Clash of Kings within 15 minutes of finishing Game of Thrones. This is what I prefer in my fantasy. It is as far removed from high fantasy and is just shy of the sword and sorcery grit of Robert E. Howard. Fans of historical fiction will enjoy this story as well. I've only seen the first episode of th...more
p796
aV"When you play the game of thrones, you either win or die."  This is the first book in a four part series with a fifth to come.  I chanced upon an article in THE NEW YORKER about George Martin and his fans, a great article to use in my science fiction survey class.  Martin takes over half the book to lay in the backstory of the characters even as he lays in the backstory of the plot.  It is dense and rich with detail, and at first, hard to keep all the characters in mind.  But, he is a master at rich...more
p797
aVThis first novel in the "Song of Ice and Fire" Series was an awesome introduction in an epic fantasy series. I picked this book up in e-book format on my Kindle for $2. A steal for what you a getting in this novel. The novel itself is longer than many series put together. While slow to start, you are soon unable to put it down. This book introduces a whole host of characters, yet unlike in many fantasy stories, the plot does not become weighed down. Yet. If you are looking for a novel (or series...more
p798
aVAlthough I have yet to pick up any of the other books yet in the series, I found myself completely enthrawled in this world created by George R.R. Martin. There are several characters so I did have a hard time keeping them all straight. But I was greatful for the guide of characters to reference frequently. Even with as many characters as there are, they were written so well, that I didn't mind. The author did such a great job at making characters that I was totally taken with, like Danny and a...more
p799
aVSo much has already been said about this book that I will skip the general recap.  Suffice to say, this was a refreshing read for someone used to the fantasy genre and its "happily ever after" predictability.  Characters were often true to their nature (though admittedly mostly the adults), making choices based on the personality and background that we are given as a reader.  Martin pulls no punches in bad things happening to good people, yet I didn't leave the book feeling like I had just watched...more
p800
aVI am always hesitant to delve into the world of epic fantasy. So often these series go on with no end in sight and I like my novels to be largely self contained. Iain M. Banks for example is great about writing culture novels that wrap up in each book so that one does not feel the need to press on right away. However, I am very happy I have given George R. R. Martin a chance because Game of Thrones was an invigorating read from beginning to end. There are a ton of characters to keep up with as M...more
p801
aVNice.  Well, I guess that\u005cu2019s hardly the word.  It\u005cu2019s the first volume, 674 pages, of what is so far a series of five.  Set in a world vaguely resembling medieval England, but only vaguely.  Not nearly so close a resemblance to our historical world as G.G. Kay\u005cu2019s stories are.  There is a television series based on these; I saw the first episode before I started reading the book and didn\u005cu2019t much care for it, but I do like the book quite a lot (and the series does stick very closely to the book, at least as...more
p802
aVA Game of Thrones is a fantasy novel, but does not dwell in that space, nor do you encounter elves, wizards or magic rings. Instead, the author takes his readers to a particular continent in a medieval world that could easily have been on our own Earth in the middle ages.  There is an occasional brief splash of something supernatural to color the story, a magic sword here or there, a single magic spell uttered, and some supernatual creatures.  But I found it somewhat relieving for the story to not...more
p803
aVI had no idea what this book was about. I picked it up purely because so many people were talking about it and I needed something to read. I was expecting a historical fiction, but instead, I got an epic fantasy written in a historical voice. It has everything you could want in an epic fantasy.Seven Kingdoms ruled by one incompetent drunken king who won the throne by murder; a queen smarter and more deceiving than her husband; an exiled family of ancient dragon blood who were ripped from the thr...more
p804
aVSo, I watched tne first few episodes of A Game of Thrones on HBO, am an avid reader, so I downloaded the first book to see how I liked it. I am not one to read alot of fantasy/science fiction books. Urban Fantasy with werewolves and monsters living in modern day? Yes...an epic adventure like Lord of The Rings? Not so much.OK, so I start reading. It's moving along, not a bad book, and the BAM! Let's kill Ned Stark.WTF?So I'm not happy with the book. I had to keep reading though, because I had to...more
p805
aVI've had the A Song of Ice and Fire series for more than a year now, but it'd be a lie if I said I became interested in it on my own and not because of the TV show. I decided to check it out because I'd heard that HBO had picked it up, and judging from my experience of their shows, I thought it ought to be awesome. It takes a little while to get used to the pacing and the language of the book, but one thing you can count on from page one until the end is that GRRM loves to describe. It gets to a...more
p806
aVI decided to read Game of Thrones by George R.R Martin pretty much because of the T.V show that is currently airing on HBO. My true love, bless him, didn\u005cu2019t want the story spoiled for him and he decided to pick the book up before the show aired.  He read the whole series in a matter of days and insisted that I do the same.  Of course the first thing he did was tell me the entire plot, so it took me quite a while to actually pick the series up.  When we started watching the show and he seemed to know...more
p807
aVThis was recommended to me by a friend some years back, so I quickly went out and bought it. However, the size intimidated me, especially as I was trying to get my teeth into War and Peace at the time. So it ended up lost on the shelves for quite some time. I'll admit that it was discovering that it was being made into a TV series that reminded me about it, and I was determined to finish the before it aired. After having read the Sookie Stackhouse novels before they were adapted by HBO, I knew t...more
p808
aVOk, so, if I tell you that I read this book, then I'm pretty much admitting that I'm a complete nerd, so I'll just say it and get it out of the way. I'm a nerd, and I like fantasy novels.That being said, this is one of the best fantasy novels EVER!Detailed, plot-driven, some of the most amazing characterization --- Mr. Martin provides it all (including dragons, incest, and some pretty wicked murder plots), and I sincerely thank him for it.If you don't believe me as to how good this novel is, the...more
p809
aVYep.  Either this is your kind of thing, or it isn't.  To me, it came across as a more tragic, less fantastical Tad Williams.  Yes, I know some of you out there would rather compare Tad Williams to GRRM than the reverse, but that's the way it is at my house, see?Politics...lots of shades-of-gray characters...a touch of doom and magic...I'm there.  Good stuff.  I picked it up because a lot of people defended the book as not just being boy-story, plus the previews for the HBO series looked good, and I...more
p810
aVGeorge R. R. Martin is simply incredible. He has effectively created a series with a geography all its own,with no less then three waring political factions at any given time, a dozen noble houses, three religions, eight point of view characters, and numerous separate and intertwining stories. And it somehow works amazingly. If you pick up A Game of Thrones looking for a single protagonist you will not find one. Instead you will be introduced to eight wonderfully conceived characters ranging fro...more
p811
aVThis book is extremely interesting. It doesn't have a main character and there is no plot. Rather it is soap operas spun in a medieval setting with a ton of lore, backbiting, intrigue, and frank up-front "in your face" style sex. Martin's chapters are all told from the point-of-view of one character. This reminds me of William Faulkner's "Absalom, Absalom" where he has one chapter, tells what's going on in their life, and then moves on but comes back to it later. He continuously builds on what i...more
p812
aVThis book, in fact the entire Song Of Ice and Fire collection is, in short, amazing. It just ticks all of the boxes for a thoroughly good read... an exciting, action packed story line, love, war, family dynamics and political intrigue.The characters, without exception are amazingly real.  I found myself caring about the personal journey of each one as well as being gripped by the manner in which they interact with each other.The plot twists and turns, the heroes all have flaws and the villians al...more
p813
aVI had heard some good things about this book, and then the HBO show happened, and I thought, I better read this because I'm definitely going to want to watch the show. I haven't watched yet, but I will. I really enjoyed the fantasy medieval setting of this book. And of course I love books that have maps! Also there is an appendix in the back so you can keep track of all the houses and the characters. Clearly, this was well thought out, the marriages, lineages, and heirs to the throne all are don...more
p814
aVThis has been #1 on my list of books for a long time - and it is usually the first book I recommend to a new friend who loves to read epic fantasy. I take extreme pride in the fact that I picked this book off the bookstore shelf back in 1996 right around when it first came out - and then introduced it to a lot of my friends. I will admit that the first time I read it (and the subsequent times I've re-read) I always have a bit of a challenge getting into it. The first few chapters are a bit ponde...more
p815
aVJust one more person in the sea of the internet reviewing A Game of Thrones. That\u005cu2019s what happens when an epic fantasy novel series gets made into a television show by HBO.My overall thought regarding A Game of Thrones is YES. I understand that there are many people out there who say that this series is degrading to women, that it tries to justify rape and incest; many of these same people say that, as a woman, I should be offended by this book, and boycott the series. Amongst other things, that...more
p816
aVImagine a time before the age of cell phones, iPads and Google where you could just text someone, check a Twitter feed or get the latest headlines on what's going on around the country and the world. Impossible! Not that George Martin's story is about that - it's just a great immersion into a time when no one knows what the hell is going on except for the high stakes involved. Emotions run high, especially from the reader, and throughout the book I was scared of what Martin had in store for us i...more
p817
aVI am closing in on the end, so here's my third installment of my reading journal. My star rating is always where I am at in the book at the time of writing. It's going to fluctuate. Since I am writing about the book as I go, there will necessarily be spoilers, so don't continue if you want to avoid them. My Game of Thrones Journal: volume iiiEddard-- Now that was an ass whooping! Nicely done, Jaime. Already Catelyn\u005cu2019s rash decision is paying dividends for her family, as is Ned\u005cu2019s mouth costing him...more
p818
aVThis series has received a lot of attention recently with the HBO series and a New Yorker profile of George Martin that caught my eye. The story is on one hand simplistic with knights and ladies, Kings and dwarves. Even the supernatural. And as a bonus it really moves.  While I might wish for just a little depth to the characters as Tolkien would have, I can forgive this weakness in the face of the pacing and myriad (almost literally 10,000) plot threads. Luckily if you just go with the flow you...more
p819
aVHow have I managed to come this far without having come across A Song of Ice and Fire?This is fantasy without magic which is quite an odd thing to get used to.  The magic appears to have been replaced by political machination on a sprawling scale.  What it reminds me of most is the epic plotting of Steven Donaldson's Gap series.  There are motives behind plots and lies behind truths.  As this is just the first book, I am certain that Not All Is As It Seems and that I will have to wait for revelation...more
p820
aVI don't usually like Fantasy novels because they don't have their stuff together, and my enjoyment in the first book of what will probably devour my summer dodges some of them:1) Flat Characters - While not the complex characters of modern fiction, the people in A Game of Thrones at least have some depth to themselves.  Characters have quirks, foibles, and histories sufficient to present falling into archetypes.  A sub-point of this is strong female characters.  While I do think there's inherit ten...more
p821
aVI was on vacation and wanted something fun and fantastical to read, so I picked this up.  It far exceeded my expectations.  As high fantasy genre fiction goes, Martin writes some of the best.  Choosing to create a world of intrigue, politics, and fantastic locales, rather than one of magic and sorcery, Martin has me addicted.  I love the way the perspective shifts between each chapter.  Obviously, Martin did not come up with this device, but he leverages it better than pretty much any author I have r...more
p822
aVFantasy novels annoy me.  I often publicly denounce it and defame them hacks that use the genre to cover unimaginative writing. Having grown up in the shadow of the never ending Dragon Lance novels it takes a rare writer or book to get my attention.Recently I reconnected with an old friend who is also a fellow devourer of thick, multi volume tales via Facebook and he suggested I check out the George R. R. Martin\u005cu2019s A Song of Ice and Fire series.When the suggestion came across my instant messenger...more
p823
aVBeyond Amazing!I think writing a fantasy is probably the most difficult of genres because most of the time the author doesn't just have to worry about the character and plot development but also the world building and how that new world will affect these developments.Martin has managed to do all of these things perfectly! The characters are layered, complicated and realistic. The world he has created is unique, interesting and the plot was continuously surprising with all it's twists. Martin als...more
p824
aVIn anticipation of HBO\u005cu2019s adaptation of Martin\u005cu2019s first book in his A Song of Ice and Fire, I decided to reread it. But what I wasn\u005cu2019t expecting or planning was that I going to be completely and thoroughly engrossed. Again.True, it has been several years since I last read the first three books in this sprawling and over-populated fantasy epic. But my memories of it the first time around included the sheer intensity of the various plot-lines coupled with remarkable dramatic realism of the various ma...more
p825
aVExcellent fantasy/high fantasy novel with plenty of juicy plotty bits and a lot of action. Interesting style of third person close with a roving perspective (with each chapter, we're in a different head, cycling through all of the main characters). It doesn't stop the main characters from being dumber than a box of rocks, nor does it make their fatal flaws any more understandable. They just seem stone stubborn as well as stupid. The plot is compelling and I have a few favorite characters, though...more
p826
aVHow do you review a book, that is obviously very well written, very engaging, and very good, but you still find it not to your taste? George R.R. Martin's Game of Thrones is just such a book. Set in a fantasy world that although it contains magic, is more akin to reading something based on England's War of the Roses, with politics, death, dismemberment and kings galore. It's a world both believable and unique, with seasons lasting years, and death coming quickly to anyone who fails. In short a b...more
p827
aVHow did I miss this series until now? A friend of mine told me that this series would be made in an HBO mini series (she told me in Dec 2010, the series is now airing) and based on pure curiosity I tried it. I have to admit that the book is not what I expected at all. Game of Thrones is not your typical high fantasy though it has been compared many times with Tolkien's Lord of the Rings. Dragons, zombies and magic exist in this world but are not really the main element that makes the story inter...more
p828
aVI read this book at the behest of my roommate, who read the entire series in three weeks in anticipation of the upcoming series on HBO.  It's the first seriously, deep in the weeds, fully nerded-out fantasy novel I've read in probably a decade and a half, and I approached it with a little bit of dread.  In the past, I've definitely been sucked into these kinds of books before.  But having gone through the main novels in the fantasy canon, I've sort of come to the conclusion that there's really not...more
p829
aVI did not finish this.I'm not going to spout any sort of nonsense about how this isn't a good book, because it is a good book. I can see why it sold 15 million copies. It just wasn't my sort of good book. Here's a few reasons: SPOILERSSPOILERSSPOILERS1. all the characters are bastards. By bastard, I'm using the modern meaning of the word (i.e., despicable), I'm not talking about Jon Snow. So what am I talking about? Basically, they all pimp out their kids/women. I think I like the villains bette...more
p830
aVI started reading this series after seeing all the recommendations tagged on to Wheel of Time reviews, and at first was disappointed. The prologue... been there, read that. And the book does start off slowly. The good news is that the pace picks up, towards the end of this one and in the sequels--by the time I finished A Storm of Swords (the 3rd book, and my favorite) I was in love with the series. I didn't think I would want to reread A Game of Thrones, but now I have, and found it much better...more
p831
aVI first read the Game of Thrones several years ago... it was a secret, guilty pleasure in college, read in snatches between the dry tomes necessary for my education.I enjoyed it, but I didn't have the time to devote to the series. Now, with all the talk surrounding the television series, I decided it was high time I find my way back to Westeros.I was happy this time 'round I had a Kindle... it is a long book! But as I was reading, I didn't notice the length so much, mostly because there are so m...more
p832
aVA Game of Thrones is a great book if you're into fantasy novels. It has everything a good fantasy novel needs, magic, monsters, war, and most importantly inappropriate language. It was a slightly abnormal fantasy book, by that I mean in most fantasy novels the main character is of a peasant status or something similar and rises to the top. There is no main character in this series and all but one of the characters we follow are of nobility. This struck me as odd at first, but it did give the boo...more
p833
aVI often like to put myself at the mercy of others when it comes to reading materials, especially when i'm in between books. BF recommended this book to me months ago as a personal fave. I haven't read a whole lot of fantasy, a great reason to explore a new genre anyhow. It did take me several months to get "into" the story, mostly because the narrative switches constantly between characters with each chapter and this initially got on my nerves. However if you make it about a quarter of the way t...more
p834
aVI am working my way back through the series in anticipation of the next book due - so they say - in July.  I was blown away by this book. I'd never read anything like it, and it depressed me horribly. Never, I realised, would I ever be able to write anything with this much scope, and from the first chapters I was mentally applauding Martin in my head. So many brave choices: the size of the book, multiple third person povs, deaths deaths deaths - particularly of someone he'd spent building up as a...more
p835
aVHeinlein chased me from science fiction for the time being and thusly I turned to fantasy.  Hearing that HBO is looking at turning this into a series next year, I picked up A Game of Thrones to see what the world of high-profile fantasy fiction was up to these days.  The answer is "holy hell, a lot."  In a book obviously indebted to Lewis and Tolkien, Martin has created a landscape that is somehow even more vast and enterprising.  All the tropes of fantasy are here--royal intrigues and cruel henchme...more
p836
aVThe seven kingdoms, united under one ruler, have lived a life of peace and comfort since King Robert took the throne. But nothing is ever as it seems. Within the king's court there is murder and treason, with no one aware of what is really going on. Across the seas, the last remnants of the previous royal family gather forces to reclaim their throne. To the north, the unthinkable gathers, the creatures of myth and legend that have been forgotten.The first book in the series centers around the St...more
p837
aVThis isn't fantasy in the same vein as Tolkien, and perhaps that's why Martin succeeds in creating such a compelling story. He's shrugged off the constricting and overdone tropes (the grumpy dwarf, the wise and ethereal elf, the boy from humble beginnings who discovers he has a great destiny, etc). In fact, you'll find no elves or dwarves here. In that sense, it's just barely fantasy. What IS present in this medieval drama is a large cast of morally gray characters, many of whom you'll hover bet...more
p838
aVIf there were less (MUCH less) sex and violence this book would probably have a substantially higher avg rating, yet some people are puritans at heart, revolted by detailed graphic violence. While i agree with them (i also can hardly stand all the deviations known to man in every new book) the book still doesnt deserve a one/two star rating. Honestly, rarely have i bumped into characters so well drawn that they remind of people i know- the tomboyish girl scorned at, the princess-kind sister who...more
p839
aVBook Review: 3 Treasure BoxesAs each separate story-line unfolds the book gets more and more interesting and the overall feel is one of coming doom.  My favourite characters are Daenerys, Arya and Jon and I really like where these stories are going.  I also like reading about the imp Tyrion, his attitude and character are fitting and I am really curious to see how he handles the next stage on his path. However, I felt that Daenerys journey was very sad, yet it was required to bring her to the poin...more
p840
aVReally enjoyable introduction to an entire fantasy world and back story involving a host of noble families vying for power even as supernatural forces are reawakening around them. Martin does an excellent job of quickly sketching in individual characters along with their persona, back stories, and ambitions. The litany of names/families/bannermen, etc. can be a little overwhelming, but I found that the world's geography and population came together as I kept reading and I slowly but surely devel...more
p841
aVMartin's series is a masterpiece. The breadth and scope of these books simply has to be read to be believed and for nearly 3500 pages of the first three books the pace remains breakneck and page turning. If Science Fiction and Fantasy weren't considered silly step children to those that define what is "Great" in the western literary cannon than the first three books of this series would surely rank amongst the greatest works of the last 25 years. What this series really amounts to at it's core i...more
p842
aVHow many pages of an 800+ page tome (the first of a series) do you have to read to conclude it isn't for you?  I made it 121 in before deciding that life is too short for reading books you aren't enjoying. Martin's fantasy epic is beloved by zillions, and there's huge excitement over the TV adaption coming up, but I found it dull, plodding, full of characters that I didn't relate to or didn't like, etc., running around in a world I found not all that intriguing.I will be the first to admit that:a...more
p843
aVThis is pretty much pure escapist fantasy, something that I guess I needed to help get through the bowels of another Midwestern midwinter. Martin does an excellent job of developing both characters and theme, which to me are the essence of fiction. There were seven or eight characters that I really came to care about, and probably twenty or thirty others who were distinct and memorable. And, much like other great fantasies, the novel is laced with the philosophies of this imaginary world in such...more
p844
aVI think I\u005cu2019ve mentioned that I\u005cu2019ve gotten some of my reading inspiration over the past year or more from the reading selections of The Sword and Laser group.  I don\u005cu2019t participate in their discussions very often, and I\u005cu2019m a pretty slow reader and am usually behind their pace, but I\u005cu2019ve read quite a few things I would not have looked twice at before because of the The Sword and Laser group.  One of those is A Game of Thrones, Book One of A Song of Fire and Ice by George R.R. Martin.It\u005cu2019s been made into a...more
p845
aVI listened to this a few years ago and kind of forgot about it. I remember being enthusiastic about the series in the beginning but losing steam and I think I even left the most recent book half-finished.But some time passed, and now they're making a TV show of it on HBO, so I re-read it a couple of weeks ago while I was dying of the flu. And, re-reading it, I remember why I was so excited about this series the first time! This book is fucking solid gold. (Not just the cover art, but that's gold...more
p846
aVI tried very hard to get into this book. I did not succeed. I read it cover to cover, but was bored and unconnected the entire time. I do not recommend this book to anyone. Almost everyone I've talked to had the same opinion. Waste of time.I think the main reasons I didn't like it was because of the over-complexity and lack of good characters. The books in the series (which I will never read) have pages and pages of appendixes. Usually I like appendixes, even in fictional books. I remember flipp...more
p847
aVI feel as if this book is based on a few writing techniques that almost guarantee that the reader will be craving (the simple bestial way of craving) for more, although he will swear here and there about wanting not to go on. Following the outlines of Eddard Stark's life through himself and characters associated (his daughters, bastard son, wife, enemies), Martin explores nothing new. He tells a tale of a man so bound with honor that he dies because of it. The other characters - of whom many are...more
p848
aVI stopped reading fantasy after puberty hit and I decided that its time to grow up a bit. But here I am again, back to what I love and know best, and I'm oddly okay with it with this series. Most people will write off fantasy as something only middle aged guys in their parents basements will read, but this is beyond that. Such a well written and well thought out series. You cant help but start slashing through these huge novels (pun intended) in no time at all (im on book 3 in a month and a half...more
p849
aVThe best fantasy book (and series) that I've ever read.  The best fantasy book (and series) that I've ever read.  The best fantasy book (and series) that I've ever read.  The best fantasy book (and series) that I've ever read.  The best fantasy book (and series) that I've ever read.  The best fantasy book (and series) that I've ever read.  The best fantasy book (and series) that I've ever read.  The best fantasy book (and series) that I've ever read.  The best fantasy book (and series) that I've ever re...more
p850
aVThe first thing I will say about A Game of Thrones is that since The Lord of the Rings, I don't think I have ever read a fantasy novel set in a made up world that is so detailed and different from our own and yet so similar and real. The amount of creative energy and research (yes, creating believable fantasy settings does require research) that must have gone into creating the world of the Seven Kingdoms and the Dothraki is mind-blowing. I can only hope that one day I will be able to create a w...more
p851
aVHaving been worn out from the regular fantasy fare, I've taken a pretty long siesta from reading most hardcore fantasy. After a while it all tended to blur together, especially the ones that are from big series. After getting this recommended to me umpteen times from my bookstore customers, I gave it a try & was pretty pleased by what I've read.There's so many different reviews for this, I'll not waste space by giving a synopsis. Besides, the plotline for this first book is so richly texture...more
p852
aVI liked this book well enough...I'd like to give it three and a half stars.  I heard it on audiobook, and that may have contributed to the missing half of the fourth star.  I like to be able to go back and reread confusing parts and was unable to do that on my mp3 player. A Game of Thrones is a story set in the time of castles and dragons and magic, although the magic and dragons thankfully play a small part.  The story revolves around the main houses of a certain kingdom and their individual reach...more
p853
aVA friend recommended this book to me.  He also recommended The Wheel of Time series by Robert Jordan so I was aprehensive.  Not to turn this into a Robert Jordan bashing review (or to walk on a man's grave, so to speak) but he has no idea how to write women.  or men.I was worried I was going to get was another take on the same genre as Jordan.  What I got was an intricate story that could have easily been one of knights and war but was instead a great story about politics, loyalty and betrayal.I hav...more
p854
aVI began this series primarily to continue educating myself on what is out there in the genre I am currently writing. HBO's plans to make it a series called it to my attention. Martin is not the first to be be compared to Tolkien, but in this first novel of the series, he has come the closest to living up to that accolade of any fantasy author I have read so far. He has created a world with all Tolkien's depth, breadth and layered history and storytelling without once reminding the reader of Tolk...more
p855
aVThe verdict (to start out with, anyhow):1. Too much focus on the sad sides of life--looking at the glass half empty, if you will. (I personally don't find this approach realistic OR astonishing.)2. The characters are either all the same or horrid. There are maybe one or two characters who are interesting.3. The writing style isn't to my liking.Okay, I'll be honest. I didn't finish it. I put up with the sex scenes because I figured the rest of the book was worth it. I skimmed or skipped the last...more
p856
aVI don\u005cu2019t really know how I got peer-pressured into reading  A Game of Thrones , the first book in the  A Song of Fire and Ice  series by George R.R. Martin. I\u005cu2019m not usually into fantasy novels, the exception being the  Kushiel  books and anything Tamora Pierce has ever written. I enjoy the historical fiction element that is present in many of these novels, but I could do without the dwarves, elves, and whatever fantastical creatures that usually populate these world. I read Lord of the Rings\u005cu2014no ne...more
p857
aVAs a teenager, I used to devour any fantasy book that wandered within arms reach, but as I've (gracefully) aged, I find that many fantasy books are more about non-specific medieval-era world-building or just bringing someone's D&D campaign to stilted life than actual story telling.  So much of fantasy is derivative of J.R.R. Tolkien that you just might as well go back and reread the Lord of the Rings and be done with it.  With Martin, it's different.  It's refreshing to read a fantasy novel tha...more
p858
aVFor some stupid reason my husband and I decided to read each others' favorite book, so he got The Great Gatsby and I ended up with this.  I didn't hate it nearly as much as expected and have even agreed to watch the impending HBO miniseries.The story takes a long time to warm up (around 400 pages!) and there are way too many characters (Russian novel syndrome was in total effect).  My husband sold this book to me as commentary on the War of the Roses, which it sort of was with the mildly veiled na...more
p859
aVI read the first two books in this series and then stopped, and I'm not going to bother to review each separately as they both suffer from the same problems. This single review will have to do.First, though, what they don't suffer from is a brilliantly realized setting. Yes, you have to accept that it trades on certain fantasy cliches, but the cliches are part of the genre and if you dislike them that badly, you're probably grabbing your books from the wrong section of the store. Martin injects...more
p860
aVWhat an amazing book.A Game of Thrones sets itself far apart from the average fantasy book in two important ways: first, it's very well written, and, second, there's very little fantasy in it.  A few undead creatures pop up to wreak havoc, and there's plenty of mention of dragons, wizards, and giants... but for the most part the characters think their odds of seeing a live dragon are about as good as yours or mine.What A Game of Thrones is really about, is intrigue.  It's about great and noble hou...more
p861
aVA friend first recommended the Song of Ice and Fire series to me a couple years ago, so when a second friend also recommended it, I had to pick this up. Maybe I've been spoiled by J.R.R. Tolkien, but I wasn't overly impressed with this book, and never felt compelled to keep reading it. However, I reserve final judgment until after I finish the series (5 books total).The tale is told from the viewpoint of 8 characters from various realms of the Seven Kingdoms; each chapter is spent with one of th...more
p862
aVFour stars...but I wanted to give these books five. And why? More, why do they deserve four? Especially coming from somebody who doesn't even  like  traditional fantasy, generally?It may require some revision at some point. In fact, I think it almost definitely will, but hear me out:This series is amazing sheerly for the amount of plates he keeps spinning in the air at any given time...for his pacing, and the fearlessness with which he handles his characters, and his choices. To say more would b...more
p863
aVA Song of Ice and Fire has been on my to read list for a while after seeing it listed on many profiles of non fantasy readers who have it as one of their favorite series. I was pleasantly surprised by the material. Many of my friends who don't read fantasy will often complain that fantasy books are a dime a dozen similar to most cheesy romance novels and they make a valid point. A Game of Thrones throws in some twists in the book and goes against the typical formula that you see for most fantasy...more
p864
aVFirst, let me explain.I really love fantasy, and most of the books I\u005cu2019ve read are of that particular genre, presumably the same most of you are interested in too. I\u005cu2019ll always give an author an open-minded go, especially if his book is the first of a long series, the pleasure I could hypothetically get out of it tenfold. First, let me say I agree that George Martin is a good writer, prose wise. I also got the sense that there was plenty of story and intrigue. The fact I can\u005cu2019t relate or take enjoym...more
p865
aVSo far there are four novels in this series. There will be seven or eight if or when the author finishes them, but given how long it takes Martin to release the next installment (5 years between books three and four and approaching an equal number of years between four and five), his age and his relatively unhealthy physique, he might never finish the series. That's too bad. Martin is a master at many things, though dialogue isn't one of them, and though he frequently resorts to telling rather t...more
p866
aVHere's the thing with this book: I can tell it's awesome.  It's stuck in my memory in a lasting way.  The scenes with the Starks, the snow, the Wall, the port city - all of it was vivid when I read it and it's lingered for almost a decade.But this sort of intricate, epic political fantasy isn't really my thing.  I have the same issues with Tolkien, it just takes a massive amount of effort that I don't necessarily want to expend.  So while I enjoyed the first few books in this series, I dropped out b...more
p867
aVThe first 300 pages of this story start off at a very slow pace.  I'm not one to give up on a novel and I'm glad that I didn't.  There are aspects of this story that I find questionable but in the time frame the overall concept can be believable in it's genre.  The writing style is interesting as you change from one person's voice to the next with each chapter.  There are many things from this time that I'd have to look up if I cared enough about a knight's armor or the equipment used to fight wars...more
p868
aVHearken thee to a tale of fair damsels and knights who are... pretty awful people, quite often.This is the first book in an ongoing, and rather complex, series.  At first blush, it seems like a standard swords-and-sorcery set-up.  There are the aforementioned knights and damsels, swords, prophecy, and even dragons.  But sometimes the prophecies don't work out at all (Yea, verily, it is He Who Was Foretold to Claim the Great... oh.  Um.  He's dead.  Well, never mind....), and the people never stop bein...more
p869
aVMy stable of "genre fantasy" authors is quite small but Martin makes the cut.  I actually plan to read the second book of this series.  It's basically swords and sorcery snack food.  The chapters are very short and self-contained, and something happens to advance the plot in each one.  Descriptions of scenery are evocative and easy to visualize, without excessive "architecture-ese" and obscure geological terms.  Most of the characters are likable, especially Tyrion the Imp and Arya Stark.  The story i...more
p870
aVRomance, suspense, intrigue, adventure, growing up... Featuring lords and ladies, young princesses, rebels, outcasts and very hateful villains, this novel is guaranteed to offer something for every taste. But there is more to it.Set in a very well-documented pseudo-mediaeval world, the story is so complicated it is very hard to sum it up in one sentence. It is known for alternating a great number of points of view that carry different aspects of the plot. The characters are generally likeable en...more
p871
aVI THINK I really liked this book, but I am a bit confused as to how many stars I should give it (I want to go with 3.5, but that wasn't an option).  I am a BIG fantasy buff and I was told I needed to read this book because it had all the elements of fantasy I liked: Elves, dragons, knights, kings and queens.  Well...it had NO elves in it at all.  I was really disappointed by that fact (I didn't want to read any of the reviews before I reading the book because of spoilers).  It does introduce dragons...more
p872
aV"In real life, the hardest aspect of the battle between good and evil is determining which is which." -- George R.R. MartinOne of the best fantasy book series out there today is the epic Song of Ice and Fire by George R.R. Martin. As of this writing, there have been four books released in a planned seven title series, and in my humble opinion all of them have been brilliant. HBO is planning a live action adaptation (starring Peter Dinklage, perfectly cast as my favorite character Tyrion), and if...more
p873
aVI just finished this one, it was amazingly good. A dear friend of mine has been telling me to read this book for years, I'm only sorry that I waited so long. George R.R. Martin took a wildly different approach to writing this book. Every chapter is from a different perspective. Each chapter heading starts with the name of the person whose eyes you are seeing the world through. At first I have to admit that I didn't like this writing style, the author does too good a job of making sure that each...more
p874
aVI have not read any books with epic tendencies in quite some time, for the simple reason that they were boring me. When a story gets too big and is not handled well, it just becomes the same old same old. I started to only see the flaws in the narrative or world construction. But I did enjoy reading this book, for reasons that really have nothing to do with the novel in and of itself.I feel like I am in this whole new grown-up place where instead of trying to read for story or pure escape, I can...more
p875
aVI like Big Fat Fantasy/Epic Fantasy, dark depressing sad tales of magical lands where warriors kill each over because of things that happened between their grandfathers and everyone wants to marry a princess who would rather be anyone else.  Why didn't I finish this book?  I got bored.  I don't know how this managed to be more boring than the first 5000 pages of Robert Jordan, or if my attention span has just dramatically decreased but.. it's in the 'for my next last minute flight/drive' pile. 
p876
aVThis is one of those books that can bring you back into the habit of Reading. It certainly did it for me. It is made for people who enjoy fantasy literature. Going through its pages it felt sometimes like The Lord of the Rings, but the story earned its own merit by telling things in a very realistic way, a very human and perhaps less epic way than the way Tolkien did. George Martin, the author, has put a lot of interesting characters in this first book of the Song of Ice and Fire series. You\u005cu2019ll...more
p877
aVLong ago, a friend told me I should read these books, but alas they are so dang loooooong I kept putting it off.  And I'm not a huge fan of knights and kings and queens and the happenings at court so there was a little less appeal for me as well.  Then the show was announced and I thought, well shoot I'd better read those books before I watch the show.  Now I think they're on season 2 and I finally picked up the book for fear that some rabid fan of the show spoil something in the books for me.I gla...more
p878
aVDeci, ii dau 3 stele pentru ca din punct de vedere stilistic si literar, volumul nu este extraordinar, este mult sub Tolkien, ori acest lucru nu are cum sa nu-i taie din nota.Impresia mea este ca Urzeala Tronurilor este pentru Lord of the rings cam cum este Twilight (Meyer) pentru Dracula (Stoker).Volumul nu este exceptional, este pentru toata lumea, oricine il poate citi si indragi, este un bestseller fara mari eforturi in infrumusetarea propozitiilor sau o atentie deosebita oferita exprimarii....more
p879
aVIn general, I find this book very engrossing.  Due to the multiple points of view, the book keeps a good pace and allows the reader to empathize with characters across the moral, political, and social spectrum.  Martin successfully writes differing viewpoints not only through dialogue and action but subtle changes of in each chapter.  This also lends a more realistic tone to this fantasy novel since, unlike many stories, there are more than two sides clearly marked good and evil.  There are many mor...more
p880
aVI wanted to love this book - a new epic fantasy series would be wonderful for me... Unfortunately, there were some things that bothered me about this world - as much as I tried to ignore them, they kept nagging me while I was reading.  Most significant to me was the fact that in a world with a winter of upto 10 years duration approaching, no-one (neither nobles nor peasants) was concerned about preparing for winter - stockpiling food, fuel, etc.  Instead, there is a power struggle for the throne....more
p881
aV\u005cu201cA Game of Thrones\u005cu201d by George R. R. Martin. This one was a challenge. First of all, I had a very busy week so I had to literally squeeze reading into every second of free time I had in order to finish it this week.Second of all, this book is pretty long (~800 something pages.) Side note: This is the first book I have ever read on a Kindle! My initial feelings towards these things were correct. It\u005cu2019s not the same as reading from a physical book. It is more convenient to carry around though! Having...more
p882
aVI thought this book was amazing. I'm yet to read the rest of the series but once I picked it up, I couldn't put it down.It didn't occur to me to read this initially. I was told by my law teacher that they were great and I'd often seen a friend of mine bring it into school to read during free periods etc. yet I resisted it for months before I decided to ask for the first book for Christmas.In all honesty, it's one of the best decisions I'd made in a long time.To keep it short and sweet, Martin's...more
p883
aVI am a huge fan of Lord Of The Rings. Now, when I say huge, I mean it. I've read the Silmarillion, Unfinished Tales, All 12 books on the History of Middle-Earth and of course, I've read both The Hobbit and The Lord of The Rings. Don't worry, I'm coming to Game Of Thrones. I was hugely skeptical when a friend told me Game of Thrones was as good as, if not better than Lord of The Rings. I'll admit I was proven wrong. Game of Thrones has gone to a place in high fantasy that I didn't think could be...more
p884
aVMy favorite thing about the A Song of Ice and Fire novels is its use of very real political struggles among characters. The various characters throughout the book willingly or not all become part of a power struggle referred to as \u005cu201cThe Game of Thrones\u005cu201d. This means they all become the puppeteers or the puppets in a struggle to become King/Queen of westeros and sit upon the Iron Throne. The book represents the various attitudes and upbringings and how they affect leadership and character in the wo...more
p885
aVI'd flipped through this book and read a couple of paragraphs at one point, and I didn't think I would enjoy it--the writing didn't seem great when I just glanced at it.When I started reading, though, I ended up really getting into it. I've read Goodkind's Sword of Truth series before, and I felt like this was more complex with better characterization and more subtle expressions of what magic is.I was impressed that Martin kept the action going through hundreds of pages--I didn't feel like there...more
p886
aVGame of Thrones: Novel vs ShowI recently read the first novel of the A Song of Ice and Fire Series,\u005cu2018Game of Thrones\u005cu2019, after having watched the first two seasons of the TV series.Surprisingly, knowing all the spoilers from the show did not affect my enjoyment of the book, though on two occasions I did put the book down for later, knowing that I was about to read a less pleasant part of the story.My usual problem with watching shows adapted from novels is the ways in which they deviate from the so...more
p887
aVI have only two words in which to describe this, and they're "literary crack".Despite the fact that I'd seen the HBO series prior to starting the book, so I already knew all the major plotlines as well as the turns/twists of the story, I still found it incredibly difficult to put down once I'd immersed myself in the story. As it inevitably happens with a book of this magnitude and the many storylines it follows, I found some to be more interesting than others and there were times when I had the...more
p888
aVOnce in a while, a book comes along that can only be described as a delicious read. From almost the first page, you know that it's good, and every moment you're not reading it, you're thinking about it and talking about it and following plot threads through your imagination down a thousand possible roads. "A Game of Thrones" is such a book."A Game of Thrones" is the first book in the series "A Song of Ice and Fire" by George R.R. Martin, which has already been adapted into a very popular HBO ser...more
p889
aVKeep in mind that I am not a dedicated sci fi/fantasy reader. I don't tend to read much of it, so I have nothing much to compare this story with. I'm sure if I read a wider range of stories like this then my opinion would be very different. Anyway, the review.Not amazingly well-written, but it keeps me locked in, it's a great story but also I think a lot of my motivation for reading it is I want to watch the series. However I enjoyed it a LOT, I got very invested in the characters but really Mar...more
p890
aVA little disappointed, after all the raves. I came to this book having already seen the first two seasons of the tv series (presumably based on the first two volumes of this cycle), and maybe that doesn't help: you already know what's coming, and all I'd be looking forward to is extra bits they had to leave out of the tv series. But there's hardly anything there, the tv series seems to follow the book quite closely.And you certainly shouldn't read this for the prose. Luckily, it's not as cringe-...more
p891
aVI was barely able to finish the book, and in the end I skimmed over the last 20% of the book only so that I could discuss with my friends after they started watching the series. It was positively the worst book I have ever read.It had some good things and therefore I give it two stars. The good part includes a couple of likable characters and a good, well-developed world.Now about cons. Firstly, I could not work out the story in the whole book. It only seemed like a series of unfortunate events....more
p892
aVAs per usual, I had high expectations for this one - too high, probably. Obvs I'm late to the party, just having finished the first book of the series (I'm writing this in July of 2012, 16 years after the the book was first published and after two seasons of the TV series).I'm not hooked. I wish I was but I'm not. The book is not bad at all; well written, most plotlines (there are several but they all tie together) are interesting and exciting, good worldbuilding, good characters. I especially l...more
p893
aVA Game of Thrones is an exceptional read with an incredible moral focus and unforgettable characters that come to life with their own multi-dimensional personalities.  To be fair, I had picked up the books after watching the 1st and 2nd season of HBO's A Game of Thrones.  While the TV series itself is an excellent adaptation to George R.R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire series, there is something to be desired in the modern, yet Shakespearean like prose of the first installment of the series.The...more
p894
aVSPOILER FREE! -- THE HBO SERIES OF THE SAME NAME IS NOT MENTIONED IN MY REVIEWThis is not your typical sword and sorcery Fantasy novel. Although, Game of Thrones, the first book in the Song of Ice and Fire series, does indeed have recognizably "Fantasy" elements woven throughout -- the main vibe it gives off is that of Elizabethan, political intrigue. Everyone is trying to outmaneuver, and outfox everyone else. The characters and locations are entirely fictional, yet the story feels eerily real,...more
p895
aVReview was originally posted on my book review blog Blood Rose BooksIn the first book of the series for A Song of Fire and Ice, George R. R. Martin sets the stage for the series and shows that no one is safe when people are thirsty for power.In long ago forgotten time, there is trouble brewing throughout the land. The cold seems to be returning to the land and as strange events are happening throughout the Kingdom and only those who remember the last time the cold was present recognize the signs...more
p896
aVLike so many recent readers of this series, I came to it by way of the t.v. show. After two episodes, I was hooked, but unlike many, I stopped watching the show, opting to learn about these characters as the author intended before I saw them come to life as HBO would allow. I wasn\u005cu2019t disappointed. Their journeys are and continue to be intriguing to say the least.In reading other\u005cu2019s reviews, there appears to a polarization of responses. Readers either love or hate the book with no in between. Those...more
p897
aVFull-time jobbing it means there is no time for reading. When I come home I watch Veronica Mars and go the eff to sleep. Every now and again I try a book, but I get bored and sort of... well... forget about it.However, this book caught my attention.Love, betrayal, kings, magic, dragons... how could I NOT want to try this series on for size? It definitely helps that my boyfriend offered up a reading race to keep me interested in the books. Some of the characters are insanely annoying and it's qui...more
p898
aV  Realising exactly how bad My english is but need the practice.Watched \u005cu00e0 friend read these books last summer. She brainwashed me into reading them. And yes, these are maybe too long, could have been edited vetter, contains lots of underaged sex, and violent men. The language and style does not change when the story is told by different characters. Still. Still. I' ve read them all so far. In My mind i have roamed beyond the wall and sailed the seas. I have rallied beside kathryn and wanted to fr...more
p899
aVIt's long. Not always gripping, but good. Very well realized. It feels like a foundation that will not be crumbling in on itself by the end of the series, which is my ultimate pet peeve. It is also the reason I will continue continue reading. He has remained faithful to character development in the midst of action and I appreciate that. I like the characters I am supposed to like and absolutely loathe the ones I'm supposed to hate. Which says something, because I'm noticing this theme of amorali...more
p900
aVI heard that many people calls George R. R. Martin a innovator in fantasy genre. I personally don't think so. While Game of Thrones certainly is a fine and fresh read, it's not something completely new and never seen before.Because I'm not in the mood for some long review I will quickly get to the point. Many and many reviews had been written so far about A Song of Ice and Fire saga so I think some small list of what I like and what I dislike about the series will be best in this case.What I lik...more
p901
aVI heard that this series "captures our current times".  Well, if that's true, our current time is diluted, meandering, and a bit annoying.This story had some great potential, but Martin has too many POV characters through which he cycles through, leaving you hanging for long chunks of time on what's going on with other characters.  There are some characters I truly cared for, wanted to see succeed, mourned their pains, but there are also far too many that I either don't like at all, or who are jus...more
p902
aVThis book stayed under-the-radar for me, and it wasn't until recently that I decided I'd better read it.  I'm glad I did.I appreciate the author's strategy of telling the story from the perspective of 8 of the characters - each voice speaking in a chapter at a time.  The author's penchant for detail is delightful: he presents a wonderful sense of place and time, offers insight into things that I know about (the weather) and things I don't (the roll of bannermen in battle).  Still, people are people...more
p903
aVTeeth-sinkable fantasy series. I have absolutely no qualms about putting this up there with Lord of the Rings. Beautifully imagined world with extremely realistic characters that are not easily consigned to good and evil that Tolkien's sometimes were (Boromir excluded). The television series is beautiful. It is definitely a series that deserves adaption- I honestly wouldn't be reading it right now if I hadn't seen the series. I love fantasy series, especially long ones. I think that it is fantas...more
p904
aVAt first, I really didn't want to get started on the Fire & Ice series because I'm really not a fan of fantasy fiction in general, but I was soon captivated.  I love the political intrigue and the multi-layered characters.  Martin takes his time developing the characters in the story and I really like that.  The details of the world-building and the intricacies of character relationships allow one to become fully immersed in the story; even the minor characters a colorful and memorable.The only...more
p905
aVThe Song of Ice and Fire series is funny and brilliant for what it is: a slap to the most well-worn fantasy tropes with a cold, wet towel.  Jolly, popular king in time of prosperity?  Actually he's a pathetic fat drunken serial adulterer.  Stubbornly idealistic lord determined to Do the Right Thing at all costs?  Yeah, that "all costs" worst case scenario happens; hope it was worth it.  You want sex?  You'll get it!  Lots of it!  Wait you were talking about rape, incest and prostitution right?It's almos...more
p906
aVAfter hearing and reading raves reviews of the HBO series, Game of Thrones, I watched it myself and read the book.  It's hard to judge the book on it's own, having seen the series first, but the book is a good one.  It's actually not too heavy on the fantasy--the magic is subtle throughout most of the book, and it's mainly a medieval tale of politics, struggle for power, and the relationships between people.  This first book is about the Stark family, led by a man of honor, Eddard.   Parallel and int...more
p907
aVJudged strictly on character development and plot, this book has few equals.   Grudgingly, I have to hand it to Martin.  He really did a fine job in developing a *story.*  However, do I recommend this story?   I have to say I do not.  I felt like I needed a moral bath after each chapter.   I understand that characters have sex with each other.  I can even grant that is necessary to the plot.  That does not mean I need to be informed of their physiological reactions during the "act."   Similarly, I understand...more
p908
aVWho doesn't like a good story with dragons, direwolves and other mythological creatures, court intrigue, warring kingdoms that span exotic locations and cultures, and larger-than-life characters who live and die (and, oh, many will die) for honor and pride and cunning and greed? Game of Thrones certainly has that, and more. Still, I have a number of large complaints.First, I feel like I've read this book, or something very similar to it, before. If you're familiar with the Holy Bible, Lord of th...more
p909
aVGenre: FantasyPublication Date: 1996Number of Pages: 694Geographical Setting: The fictional Seven Kingdoms of Westeros (and surrounding continents)Time Period: Set in fictional world/time that mirrors the 15th-century English Wars of the RosesThree Words or Phrases Best Describing this Book: Multidimensional characters, layered storytelling, compellingPlot Summary: In a Fantasy world in which seasons last for years, winter is coming to the tenuously united Seven Kingdoms, bringing with it a host...more
p910
aV** No spoilers, just a rant against haters trying to be cool and hip by trashing a good series. **I don't usually write too many reviews. Taste in books is like food: highly personal to the person doing the reading or tasting. I felt the need to to write something about this series, though. To all of you haters who have become "experts" in the fantasy genre just because you watched a made-for-TV series, please keep your nattering to yourself. Those of us who have been reading fantasy for most of...more
p911
aVWhoa-ho-ho. Well, like many Janey-come-latelys to this series, I started watching the TV adaptation and was intrigued. I usually don't have much stomach for knights 'n swords fantasy (Tolkien and T.H. White OK, Dragonlance not so much), but even with the cheesiness that TV adds, it was clear that the source material was a bit better than the norm.It's really exciting. Not necessarily original (hard to make an original fantasy!), but the characters are more well-developed than in most pulp/genre...more
p912
aVI couldn't put it down - Just awesome! Obviously you find yourself rooting for the Starks and yet it is hard to find a character in this book who isn't flawed in some way. Even Eddard Stark, perhaps the most noble person in the story, fathered a bastard. I enjoy how Martin writes from varying points of view, naming each chapter for the character it is focused on.  It makes it harder to see things in black and white and you find yourself even admiring the unscrupulous Lannisters on occasion. Tyrio...more
p913
aVAll set up, no delivery. This is not Great Literature. There are no big ideas, no large truths about the human condition. The prose isn't snappy or particularly memorable, and the novel sort of creaks along with a grim efficiency. It's a tale of political intrigue, with the tiniest dash of the supernatural, as A leads to B leads to C, inexorably down the line. To be fair, that doesn't mean it's awful. There are scads of well-realized, interesting characters (although, typical for the genre, very...more
p914
aVA Game of Thrones is the beginning of George RR Martin's epic fantasy series A Song of Ice and Fire. This book throws away the formulas and cliches. You learn early on that Martin isn't afraid to kill of characters, a theme that has lasted throughout the series. Martin's world is nearly void of wizards and elves; political and military power take their place. This book definitely falls in the rated 'R' category with plenty of violence, cursing, sex and death. The atmosphere is dark, the setting,...more
p915
aVExcellent story that was horribly written.George Reading Rainbow Martin is very fond of certain words and phrases. In one scene he seems completely fascinated by the word "craven". It appears suddenly and keeps coming back.  It became painful. Then Jon has a moment where a raven is being a nuisance by constantly repeating words as Jon wonders for a moment if he is craven. The raven immediately causes a ruckus and I couldn't shake the feeling that George Repeatedly Repeating Martin was probably ch...more
p916
aV\u005cu201cWe are only human, and the gods have fashioned us for love.  That is a great glory, and our great tragedy.\u005cu201d - Maester AemonAmazing world-building.  Outstanding character development.  Wonderful story-telling.  These are the things you will find in The Game of Thrones.  I was first introduced to this book by the HBO series, Game of Thrones.  If you are able to get beyond the R-Rated material in the TV show, the political intrigue in this story about the battle to rule the realm is very well told.  Unfo...more
p917
aV\u005ctGeorge R.R. Martin ha sido bautizado con un ep\u005cu00edteto que, pase lo que pase, siempre voy a considerar excesivo: ser llamado el \u005cu2018Tolkien estadounidense\u005cu2019 suena mucho al t\u005cu00edpico paralelismo grandilocuente que en el mejor de los casos no pasa de una normal baladronada urdida en el escritorio de alg\u005cu00fan cr\u005cu00edtico literario; y en el peor termina inflando al autor hasta el punto que \u005cu00e9ste termina vini\u005cu00e9ndose a menos y la comparaci\u005cu00f3n pasa de ser chocante a ser irrisoria. Espero por el bien del g\u005cu00e9nero y por el b...more
p918
aVSo I love this series, have read them, love watching the show blah blah, I'm a fan.That said, sometimes I feel like screaming when people say he's a feminist author, or that he writes "strong female characters."Nope. That it not a thing. He's TERRIBLE at writing strong women. Let's look at the track record (SPOILERS):Catelyn: I'll grant her as the best example of a strong woman in the series, but even she bows her head and shuts her mouth when the menfolk are talking war because God forbid she e...more
p919
aVI really wanted to love this book. Unfortunately I just don't.Technically there are a lot of things I love about this book and the world Martin has created. I love the complexity of this world, I love that there are mytbos within the universe. I love how this book (I haven't read the others yet) is structured. I found that the switching of characters worked really beautifully to sustain the suspense. I love how this book functions.Sadly I don't love some of the tropes in the book. I felt let dow...more
p920
aVJest ju\u005cu017c tego masa, jest\u005cu2026 No, ale co\u005cu2026? Nie mog\u005cu0119\u005cu2026? Te\u005cu017c chc\u005cu0119 zarecenzowa\u005cu0107. Nie b\u005cu0119d\u005cu0119 opisywa\u005cu0142 tre\u005cu015bci, bo po pierwsze, pisa\u005cu0142bym do jutra, po drugie, zdradzi\u005cu0142bym za du\u005cu017co szczeg\u005cu00f3\u005cu0142\u005cu00f3w tym co nie czytali. Jednak z pewno\u005cu015bci\u005cu0105 nikt si\u005cu0119 nie zawiedzie na drugim ju\u005cu017c tomie \u005cu201ePie\u005cu015bni Lodu i Ognia\u005cu201d.Nie jestem fanem takiego typu literatury, ale trafiaj\u005cu0105 si\u005cu0119 czasami pere\u005cu0142ki, po kt\u005cu00f3re trzeba po prostu si\u005cu0119gn\u005cu0105\u005cu0107. Tutaj m\u005cu00f3wi\u005cu0119 o jednej z nich. Martin nie zawi\u005cu00f3d\u005cu0142 czytelnik\u005cu00f3w. \u005cu015awiat, kt\u005cu00f3ry wykreowa\u005cu0142 w pierwszej cz\u005cu0119\u005cu015bci, ponow...more
p921
aVThe first in the series is the best, the "shortest" by GRRM standards and the best edited.Starts with Bran's accident - and the point of view characters go chapter by chapter, but not in a ticktock fashion, which I find extremely annoying.The Stark family is pivotal and they are set up well, though a bit hard to discern which wolf belongs to which sibling.Still, it's an engrossing read into a raw, political, brutal and sensuous fantasy world.  The names of people and places are excellent and evok...more
p922
aVBecause I am so enamored of my many intelligent and lovely friends, I finally bit the bullet and acquired through superior catalog searching a copy of this . . . book.After all! I have been reading so much non-fiction lately it almost feels like I'm back in school. Which is the worst feeling to have while reading a book. Oh god. So I told myself that the next book I read would be fiction! Wild, incredible, amazing, escapist fiction! It was February in Indiana. Lord knows I needed it.I asked for...more
p923
aVAs a fan of the television series, I figured I would hop on the band wagon and read the books, at least for no other reason than to be able to look down upon those who just watch television (joking). Now that I have read it I can completely see why this was made into a more than popular show, and why it has such success; the book is amazing; to the point where nothing substantial was changed in the television adaptation. This book had such great visualizations, great characters, great dialogue,...more
p924
aV"En gustos no hay nada escrito". Existen millones de opiniones, pero la m\u005cu00eda es la siguiente: La historia es envolvente, es de aquellos libros que si te gusta este genero lo amaras, a aquellos que lo lean por curiosidad puede que les guste o bien lo detesten. En mi caso lo am\u005cu00e9, me gusta la complejidad de la historia, la gran cantidad de personajes como cada uno de ellos se relacionan, y sobre todo para aquellos que a\u005cu00fan mantenemos ciertos grados de ingenuidad los giros de la historia (o bien no tr...more
p925
aVPros: - Rich, intricate and intriguing world was painted by the author that you would most likely lost if not constantly keep on referring back to the appendix (or the map printed at the end and beginning of each book respectively). Like the author said "the devil is in the details" and with so much details, ofttimes it feels like reading a lost history book rather than a fabricated story - The author has successfully brought to life the rawness of war and battles, cruelty of politics, honor and...more
p926
aVOkay, first off, this book is amazing. So anything opinionated will be completely bent in its favor *ehrm ehrm*. Anyways, the song of fire and ice series is set in the magical realm of the Seven Kingdoms. This book in particular revolves around the Stark family, whose father (once the lord of Winterfell) became the kings hand after the old one died of mysterious circumstances. Along with them, the Lannister family (in particular, the dwarf son, Tyrion) and the Targaryen fmaily are also main char...more
p927
aVIt isn't the best thing since sliced bread. While the book turned out pretty good, the first half drags and drags and nothing really happens. I picked this up after watching Game of Thrones season one (didn't know it was based on a book, and shame on me)... and it followed the book exactly. This isn't necessarily a bad thing, but it made reading the book a huge drag for quite some time.It really started to shine for me in the last third or so of the novel, as at that point character motivations...more
p928
aVI am not generally speaking a fan of fantasy writing.  That is not to say that I don't read any of it ever - I read the Harry Potter series because I started reading it when I was ten and felt like I grew up with it.  I read Discworld as a teenager because I liked the satire and let's be honest, Terry Pratchett is fairly hilarious.  I read Lord of the Rings more or less as a challenge - it took over a year.  Still, as a proportion of my reading (and I think we can all agree that I read a lot), fanta...more
p929
aVOk, I love a good long book as much as anyone but this book (which I was so excited to start)left me feeling cheated.  I got almost halfway through the book when I realized that there were a few characters that I truly dreaded reading about(Catelyn/Jon) because their story was just so.......blaze?? Boring?? It's hard to pinpoint a word to fully describe the feeling they left me with.  The book was missing something for my taste.  I needed more background on the characters.  The author tended to go o...more
p930
aVWell tickle my toenails and call me Tracey, this thing is good. About halfway through A Game of Thrones I rushed into Waterstones and grabbed the next two volumes. (Or next one and a half volumes? The next two lumps of paper glued together, I'm not sure what you call the individual bits when you're discussing a heptalogy in ten parts.) I was half clad in my pyjamas and half in my best Sunday suit, my glasses were akimbo on my face, hair defying gravity, a mad look in my eyes, and someone's ear c...more
p931
aVSet in medieval times that mirrored a setting you may have expected you'd arrived in 15th century Europe, you are introduced to creatures, gods, and royal family names that reveal this is not our world.  This reads almost like a historical fiction novel; so intrigued are you with the royal families as they deal with the politics in a way so reminiscent of  England's Tudor era that newcomers to the fantasy genre will readily accept direwolves as real as timber wolves.  I've not seen the "Game of Thr...more
p932
aVNot only is A Game of Thrones one of the better novels of the past 10 years, but it also happens to be the first in an absolutely addictive series.Based loosely on the British War of the Roses, A Game of Thrones tells a tale of warring houses, a murdered king, and the family that fights to restore order in the mythical kingdom of Westeros. Narrated over the shoulder of a handful of main characters, we're given insight into the back stories of major players along with the tangled past of Westeros...more
p933
aVI don't doubt that the scope of ASOIAF is epic, complex, and impressive; the world-building of this book alone is astonishing. However, George RR Martin's writing style is too stiff and purple for my taste; after getting through about a third of this book I put it away. Martin's compared to Tolkein, and I don't see why - Where Tolkein is conversational, and presents the broad strokes and details of middle-earth as if everyone is already intimately familiar with the topography and politics, Marti...more
p934
aVI began first by watching the HBO series rather then start off by reading the novel - a first for me I think. In any case I loved the series and was quickly attached to each character; the same can be said for this book. The positive: While it is true that the story-line seems somewhat redundant and almost already seen, the read remains fun and surprising. There are twists and turns in each character's timeline and its true that they grow on you - albeit like a sore thumb for some - and you want...more
p935
aVReading the reviews here this is obviously a marmite series of books. Reading this for the second time I still fall into the camp that love it. I find the characters convincing, the history and mythology of the world enthralling and the landscape detailed and vivid. I have no problem with the often prejudiced attitudes displayed by characters in the book, as not only does the book not seek to approve of these (in fact it often shows them to be baseless and foolish) but it also seems sensible tha...more
p936
aVI was introduced to "A Song of Ice and Fire"-series by a friend who showed me all of the first season of the viral TV series, "Game of Thrones". Intrigued by this, I decided to take the challenge of reading the series. The first book was not a disappointment.While many people regard it as a fantasy series, I would categorize the first installment of the series as "promise of fantasy". There are promises and signs of fantasy and magic that will happen in the future, but the biggest portion of the...more
p937
aVEpic feeling of old or old-like British/English literature followed me since I was a boy. Through Tolkien, through Sir Walter Scott, through Robert Louis Stevenson (espec. his "Black arrow"), then through "The Song of Roland", "Tristan and Iseult", Thomas Malory, Shakespeare it entered me and is huge part of my background, although I've never been in the UK. "Monty Python and the Holy Graal" counts for this list as well :)That's why when I came across amazing HBO series of "A Game of Thrones" I...more
p938
aVHac\u005cu00eda tiempo que hab\u005cu00eda escuchado sobre esta serie de libros, pero el prejuicio hacia los escritores de fantas\u005cu00eda posteriores a la edad del bronce de los 80's (Eddings, Cooper, Lawhead, Weis & Hickman) hab\u005cu00eda evitado que la leyera. Ahora, gracias al aliciente de la muy buena campa\u005cu00f1a de marketing de la serie de HBO basada en esta serie de novelas, me decid\u005cu00ed a leerlas.Wow. Lo que me hab\u005cu00eda estado perdiendo.En s\u005cu00f3lo una semana me devor\u005cu00e9 el primero de los libros (h\u005cu00e1bilmente titulado A Game of Thrones...more
p939
aVGeorge RR Martin is an awesome writer, as proven here in the first installment of his Song of Ice and Fire series.This series has everything. Love, lust, hate, murder, mystery, and dragons. Written as a third person meta text, A Game of Thrones introduces you to some wonderfully developed, in depth characters who interact beautifully with each other and the world that Martin has created.Martin also does not treat his main characters the way that other authors do. Other authors more often than no...more
p940
aVI saw the HBO series first and while it was very close to the novel the novel is far better.  From giving you a better understanding of the characters and the world you get so much more from all the characters.  People I disliked/hated had more depth when the window into their thoughts was opened, for those it was at any rate.  I also found I loved/liked the characters I favored all the more for knowing them better than I got from the series.  I still say that killing so many characters is a weak po...more
p941
aV\u005ctBook One of Martin\u005cu2019s \u005cu201cA Song of Ice and Fire\u005cu201d series is a very good introduction to the series. Fans of the fantasy genre are always searching for the next Tolkien, and Martin has received numerous accolades as such. Additionally, HBO has taken to producing the series as a show. The book is very good and entertaining, and merits the pop culture status it has received. Unfortunately, it is a far cry from the fantasy of Tolkien, which reflects upon the virtues of society and enriches them. Martin...more
p942
aVwell, started watching the  miniseries, so decided I'd watch an episode (hbogo.com) then read as far as that in the book...So far I've read part of the first *page* ^_^ and have learned the names of the two "other" Night's Watch riders...This was a good read, but GOD, how depressing.  It was great to read and watch the show at the same time... love Dani, but again depressing!  Warning:  do not go to the bios at the wiki site unless you want to get WAY TOO MUCH info 
p943
aVI had a really hard time getting into this book.  Every chapter had the view point of different characters, and it took me a while to seperate the characters, once I did I was able to follow the story.  I think that most of the characters were hard to get to know, they were very black and white.  they were on paper, not in my heart.  I read this book, because everyone is going gaga over it, claiming its the best thing next to bread.  I gave it three stars because 1) I was able to finish it 2) there w...more
p944
aVThere\u005cu2019s a lot of hype around the Song of Fire and Ice books since the TV adaptation of this spring. I\u005cu2019m more of a science-fiction than a fantasy fan, but I never say no to a good story, so I found a copy and started reading the first book a few weeks ago.I finally finished it last night after weeks of stop and go, and I must say I really want to keep reading the story. Even though I knew every important plot point from the TV show, I enjoyed reading the book.I\u005cu2019ll be the first to admit it: the wr...more
p945
aV\u005cu201cWhat is honor compared to a woman\u005cu2019s love? What is duty against the feel of a newborn son in your arms . . . or the memory of a brother\u005cu2019s smile? Wind and words. Wind and words. We are only human, and the gods have fashioned us for love. That is our great glory, and our great tragedy.\u005cu201dIf you\u005cu2019re anything like me, you heard that a new show based on a great book series was coming out on HBO and you thought \u005cu201chey, I should read those and see if they\u005cu2019re good!\u005cu201d After all, we always read the books before...more
p946
aVOne thing that puts me off most science fiction and fantasy are the names of characters. I find "alien" or exotic names annoy me to no end - especially ones names that include gratuitous punctuation. I'd browsed through Martin's books a number of times, read the rave reviews, and always discounted them due to the character names. I've since learned my lesson, of course, but I'm buggered if I can keep up with the difference between Stannis Baratheon, Barristan Selmy, and Renly Baratheon.Anyway, I...more
p947
aVDamn; this book is going to be hard to review. It's just so hard to describe something that I'd rather have you read and really understand its significance. But I'm going to try and justify this novel in a review. So, here we go!George R.R. Martin has created a magnificent fantasy world with the debut novel in the 'Song of Ice & Fire Series'. 'A Game of Thrones' is the first in a epic series of novels chronicling the warring houses of the Seven Kingdoms and Beyond, as well as the other darke...more
p948
aVThis was a really challenging book for me. At times I hated it, and at times I loved it. I tend to find that when this happens, it is the sign of a good book (as long I hate it for the 'right' reasons). Martin spins an incredibly epic tale in GoT, and manages to create an entire world in the 850ish pages of the paperback edition. We are given an in-depth view of a Tudor era-esque environment, coloured by some fantasy undertones. I say undertones, because we know some kind of magic exists, as wel...more
p949
aVThe last time I read this book, I didn't like it. The constant praise made me pick it up again, and this time around I found myself appreciating it much more. The things that bothered me initially are still annoying - the shifts in POV that serve to drag out the action and defuse the tension almost as often as they heighten it, the somewhat stereotypical characters that don't quite manage to break out of their stereotypes, the vague cheesiness of "ser." However, the positive aspects of the book...more
p950
aVA single word could describe Martin's epic fantasy tale: infodump. The term, used in literary circles to denote the unending and continual drenching of information on the reader, is the novel's downfall. Martin created a world full of history, conflict, politics, and a variety of varied characters. But in his attempt to educate the reader, he fails to gently lead them into his world. Instead, readers are bludgeoned with names, places, and dates that have no signifigance. It is almost impossible...more
p951
aVFirst of all, this is my first review, so no haters please! Now, I have read some reviews about this here a couple of times before I have decided to buy the book. And then I was surprised when I started not to believe in the reviews... but I'm not a nerd.GRRM is not what I have expected. Because a lot of fantasy authors like the great JRR Tolkien use really deep words and difficult names that are hardly pronounced, especially if it is lords and kings. But I confess that GRRM used difficult names...more
p952
aVA Game of Thrones is book one of A Song of Ice and Fire by George R.R. Marin. A Game of Thrones is an Epic Fantasy Novel that focuses on eight different peoples perspectives, Eddard(Ned) Stark Lord of Winterfell, Catelyn Stark Lady of Winterfell, Jon Snow Bastard Son of Lord Eddard, Sansa Stark eldest Daughter of Lady and Lord Stark, Tyrion Lannister Imp and my favourite characters, Daenerys Targaryen last of her line blood of the dragon, Arya Stark second daughter of Lord and Lady Stark, and my...more
p953
aVAlthough I enjoyed Lord of the Rings, I must say, this held my interest much much better. Sure, the pages are dense with text, all the same. But the story moves and moves, and constantly throws you for a loop. Where Lord of the Rings can often bog you down in descriptions of places, A Game of Thrones makes it point and then moves on with the story. (The reason why I keep comparing the two is because I\u005cu2019ve often heard A Game of Thrones described as \u005cu201cthe new Lord of the Rings\u005cu201d.)The style of writing...more
p954
aVBasically, the TV show got me into the book.There are a ton of in-depth reviews for this book. My experience with Game of Thrones was to finally sit down and give the HBO series a second try last month: I ended up burning through both seasons that are currently available. Season one follows book one very closely, but I'm still glad I started reading at the beginning--this is absolutely awesome entertainment. The long, analytical, negative (though well-constructed) reviews on here, I think these...more
p955
aVI'm not entirely sure what I was expecting when I dove into this book. I knew my first thought was 'I don't want a hoity toity book; I don't want a difficult read and I want it to be a page turner. I want to be entertained.' The book definitely exceeded my expectations and I've already started the next book of the series. I'm completely drawn in and I know there's no turning back. Now, I surprised myself by deciding to give it four stars. When I started my Goodreads account anew, I promised I wo...more
p956
aV\u005ct\u005ctWithout really have to divulge this knowledge, this book and each subsequent novels are long and only get longer. I felt the only way for me to finish this book in a timely manner was to read and listen to it on audiobook while driving, which I do so much of (the driving that is). In the span of seven business days I found myself saying \u005cu2018mission accomplished\u005cu2019 and \u005cu2018holy crap\u005cu2019 in quick succession. \u005ctAttention to detail \u005cu2013 Almost every character is beyond intense. They are carefully crafted, and th...more
p957
aV"It's like a monstrous, depressing hydra, but it's good looking and has a fun background and is voiced by your favorite celebrity." I was late to the game when it came to reading these books. When I was younger the Barnes and Noble had the Sci Fi/Fantasy and Mystery sections blend in with each other. This book (and possibly one or two sequels by that point) had been in an area faced out. I remember reading the titles but not actually looking at the books because of the bland covers. Anyone who k...more
p958
aVThis is the first of the many I would read on the genre because I'm planning to read all of the books.First of all, wow. Just WOW. This book just exceeds my expectations. I  picked it out because of my obsession with thick paperback books that fits my budget and also a worthy read. But soon enough, I was so caught up in this fantasy world, this adult version of a fairy tale, that I just can't get myself to put it down. It's a comfort to just turn the pages. And I think it's cool that I've become...more
p959
aVTo be honest, after 3,000 reviews, there likely isn't much I can say about this book that hasn't been said at least several hundred times. But having just finished this book an hour ago, I thought I would add my two cents.Being a huge, incurable nerd for the Lord of the Rings series, I have never really been able to read other fantasy novels. Most of them are redundant, contain the same tropes, plotlines, and ultimately bore me. I know that Lord of the Rings has its faults, but it remains a wond...more
p960
aV        Game of Thrones was a book with a medieval fantasy theme. The author of the book George R.R. martin's purpose of writing the book was to let the audience know how people lived during medieval times not including the fantasy. It also teaches you how to be a stronger leader, a brilliant strategist and a fearless warrior. It gives a lasting impression in the mind of its readers. It gives a sense of adventure and action to the reader. Within the book you will find all the adventure and action to ho...more
p961
aVSo far I think this is a beautifully written book with intriguing plot lines.  However, this is not really my preferred genre (too much hack 'n' slash for my tastes). Arya is easily my favourite character and the one I identify the most.Great ending, but I'm disappointed that most of my favourite characters got killed off.  Not sure if I want to read the rest of the series.  Luckily I am able to borrow all of them from a colleague rather than buy them. 
p962
aVI throughly enjoyed this book. Although I don't like it too much when an author describes certain things in such detail, in fantasy lands with so many ideals from real history being inscribed I love it. I could tell there were certain things he took from real life and others that he imagined all his own. There were many things I didn't expect to happen to all the different characters and some things that were over obvious. I love when books have a lot of different characters with their own focus...more
p963
aVGame of Thrones is the first book in George R. R. Martin\u005cu2019s Fire and Ice series.It\u005cu2019s a mixture of fantasy, mystery, sword fighting, romance and battles.  You can\u005cu2019t compare it to Lord of the Rings but the storylines are just as epic.  There are decades long summers and the approaching winter (which some of the younger characters have never experienced) will last decades.  The title \u005cu201cgame of thrones\u005cu201d is mentioned quite a few times within the book as you read about the kings, queens and knights who are...more
p964
aVI actually bought all 5 books in this series because I have been a fan of George R.R. Martin for years. And was thoroughly disappointed. I had to force myself to finish the first volume and have had no inclination to even start on the next.Too many jumps, too many characters, too much confusion to hold interest. By the time I was invested in one character, one plot, it was off to the next that was so totally different that you had to be half way through the arc before understanding where it was...more
p965
aVVery lengthy but good if you like the epic.  Some of the reviews that I have read call Martin the American Tolkien. This book did remind me of the Hobbit due to the depth and breadth of the fantasy world that was created.  However, it was more about human wars and political intrigue than peace loving hobbits on ethereal quests to save the world. Like the Hobbit and Lord of the Rings there are even maps.  Which are somewhat helpful when trying to figure out where some of the characters are from and...more
p966
aVEh, it was good enough that I'll probably read the other ones?  It was awfully predictable though, and I feel the world-building was somewhat lacking, in that the setting is pretty generic apart from all of the snow ever in the North.  In terms of characterisation only a few of the characters truly worked for me (Jon and Tyrion stand out).  A few I grew fondish of, such as Arya, and I felt a bit sorry for Ned.  But generally I didn't feel convinced. GRRM seems to find it impossible to voice a younge...more
p967
aV  I am writing this just after finishing it, so read with caution. It is two in the morning, and after seven long hours of not being able to put this book down, I have finally finished it (there are probably many grammatical and spelling mistakes which you are now aware of.)I have no words for my feeling towards this book. I am proud I finished it first of all. But I am so conflicted with my feeling for it. I want to cry and smile and laugh for ALL of these character that are all so beautifully w...more
p968
aVIf your looking for a renewal of the genre there really isn't much reason to start reading this book as it pretty much follows the same "standard" story as most fantasy books i.e. good family, bad family, hero, villains magic creatures etc. However Martin do this really well and you soon find yourself engaged in the story although for me it newer made it to the stage where I just had to turn the next page. Also the storyline is really not that hard to figure out. The dialogue is well written and...more
p969
aVI should start be mentioning that this is not the first time I've read the book. Nor is it the second. I usually reread this series about once a year, in the summer (plus I generally keep the books close to my computer to reread select passages or favorite scenes). This will be the 13th time I've A Game of Thrones.What I'm saying is, I like it.The only fantasy series that not only surpasses Lord of the Rings, but does so with flying colors, A Song of Ice and Fire draws me for two main reasons: i...more
p970
aVGame of Thrones is the first book in a fantasy series titled A Song of Ice and Fire.  The background story is about seven kingdoms, six of which are tenuously united under one family, and the game of thrones they play to obtain and keep power.  The story is loosely based on England during the War of the Roses so has a medieval feel to it.  The main story is told from the viewpoints of several characters, and the author alternates each chapter between the characters, some good and some not-so-much....more
p971
aVOh god, this series. I am not even sure where to begin because I am no where near as eloquent enough to portray all that I feel, but I will try my best.I (along with a lot of others) had unfortunately never read the books prior to watching Game of Thrones on TV, but I truly wish I had because GRRM incorporates everything I love about the fantasy genre. Young Adult was certainly my thing in my younger teen years, but at 25 they don't do it for me anymore.I was immediately intrigued by the promos...more
p972
aVI picked up the first of this series before checking out HBO's interpretation. I am big believer in books ALWAYS being better than the movies or television versions. In some cases film is either just a different, but still entertaining vision of the story and in worse cases is just not worth watching at all. I have to say that it definitely wasn't what I expected it to be, but that doesn't mean that I didn't like it. I do like getting to see the story from multiple POV and I liked most of the ch...more
p973
aVCon la excusa de que el canal americano HBO iba a estrenar la primera temporada de Juego de tronos, decid\u005cu00ed rescatar de mi estante este primer libro de la saga de fantas\u005cu00eda de George R. R. Martin, que tanto deseaba leer cuando lo compr\u005cu00e9 y que tanta pereza me ha dado siempre empezar, tanto por su n\u005cu00famero de p\u005cu00e1ginas como por tratarse de una historia \u005cu00e9pica ambientada en un mundo fant\u005cu00e1stico (b\u005cu00e1sicamente, porque no soy un gran admirador de este g\u005cu00e9nero). Pero, una vez le\u005cu00eddo, no he podido evitar comprarme...more
p974
aVThis is so terribly written and full of cliches that it makes my brain drip out my ear as I read it. AND YET I CAN'T STOP. I might even start the next book. That's why I'm settling on three stars. I can see why it would make good TV: that's just like what so much TV is like--compelling, addictive, offensive, and insulting to one's intelligence. Maybe even more to the point, it makes perfect sense that Martin was a TV writer before he settled down to this big honking set of two-dimensional charac...more
p975
aVIt seems the only time I get excited about politics is when it\u005cu2019s written into a work of fantasy fiction, where swordsmen on horseback are killing one another off and trading allegiances and plotting deep plots, all in the name of power (some of the plotting is done on foot, I must add, for the sake of accuracy of reporting).  It helps if there are dragons, but by the time you get invested in the characters\u005cu2019 politicking, you can really pretty much dispense with anything but the merest whisper of d...more
p976
aVI was so heavily prejudiced against reading this book. It's been years since I've read and enjoyed a novel that's straight fantasy and this one struck all the wrong chords with me from the beginning. Fantasy stories all claim to be something new and exciting and thrilling, but if you manage to get one that's not poorly written, you either have the same cut and dry good vs evil storyline OR you have the same cut and dry fantasy character archetypes. Sometimes you even have both. And I just got ti...more
p977
aVSo after much wavering back and forth, I finally got around to picking up The Game of Thrones again and reading it through. Thank god I did! I fell madly in love with the first season on HBO, and now I love the book even more. I have been so engrossed that I hardly even managed a single breath between the last page of this book and the first page of the second. However, I have to admit that long before watching the series, when I attempted to tackle the book for the first time, it didn't go so w...more
p978
aVI've been meaning to read this for a while and finally picked it up at the airport while traveling.  I really enjoyed it.  I've been looking for a good fantasy series since Jim Butcher's Codex Alera series and I found it.  Definitely a more adult fantasy series, but not overwhelmingly so.  It contains the right amount of violence and sex to make it realistic (if you can use that word for a fantasy book) and believable.  The book is laid out with each chapter featuring a different character's perspect...more
p979
aVI first became aware of these books from watching the HBO series - to which I have to say that I only watched it because there was literally nothing else to watch...but I'm so glad I did because I thought it was incredible.  So incredible, that I needed to read the book - which was even more amazing.  I must caveat, that similar to the Hunger Games, this is a book that I never would have thought I would like.  It has all the tenets of a book that I SHOULDN'T like - fantasy (check), obtrusively long...more
p980
aVI am not a big fantasy books fan, I should say. But my husband who have read tonnes of those kind of books says the Songs of Ice and Fire are his most favorite ones. And there are also a TV-show on HBO based on these books, so I decided I should give it a chance and started reading. And I was impressed and actually pretty excited to find out that I got a good book to read. I think this fantasy book had everything it should have and missed everything it should miss. The story is so reach and full...more
p981
aVFlawless, but brutal, as befits its time and era. This one sets up the game to be played throughout the rest of the series, I imagine.  I really don't want to say much about the plot so as to not give things away.Like in all longer series, there's the issue of setting up the world (or the politics of the world you're in, as in the beginning of the Girl with the Dragon Tattoo series by Laarsen).  The author does this in such as way by changing perspectives in each chapter.  The beginning really read...more
p982
aV"Winter is coming."  I love the Starks!The cover on the mass paperback edition says, "The beloved fantasy saga begins" - and I would add to that, emphasis on the saga.  I was worried it would be all fantasy, but as it turns out, there was just enough for my taste.  I am looking forward to reading the rest of the series, but I need a break for now.  It's a loooong book.I have a couple recommendations to potential readers - 1) Do not read this on an e-reader.  The chapters are narrated by a variety of...more
p983
aVOh man, I can't believe that I am going to kind of rave about a fantasy book.  But, I really liked this book.  It was easy to read, well written, and it doesn't start out overly magical faeries and unicorns.  (re: none)  but it does mention myths and legendary stuff and how they may or may not really be myths and legends.  So, it's fantasy that you can easily wade into, even if it is a long wade.  Granted, i did read it because of the adaptation that was made for HBO, but its great that something was...more
p984
aVHalfway through--If it weren't for the facts that the series on TV looks good and I believe in reading before watching, and that my husband couldn't put it down, I would have stopped reading after the first few pages. It is obviously written by a man and so the female characters do not feel real but mere projections of how a man might suppose them to be. It was very confusing in the beginning with all the names and houses but I figured rightly that all would become clearer as I read on. My bigge...more
p985
aVThis is the exact kind of book that makes my head hurt, for a myriad of reasons, many of which have been mentioned before but:1. If Martin isn't worried about being original than neither will I.  Let's be honest - a rollicking fun story, sure, but nothing new in the world of fantasy.  It doesn't contribute anything to the genre.  Not that I know all that much about the genre, but this could be the beginning of a new trend for me.  We'll see.  Point is, even I know it's not an original story.  Which is...more
p986
aVThis one was sort of tricky. After all 3,000,000 pages, you really felt like you knew the characters, their parents, their grandparents, their homes, their country, their motives, and everything you could possibly want to know about anything related to their world. It's really a shame that after all that reading, I knew all of that, and yet I hated each and every single character in the book. Mr. Martin approached this book with brutal honesty in the depiction of this stories reality, right down...more
p987
aVI am about halfway through the audiobook version of this very long book.  The plot is your basic fantasy genre murder, court intrigue, incest, murder, blood, gore, death, more murder and that is in just one story thread! So far it is really well written though it took awhile to get everyone's relationship to each other straight and the names. Sometimes I really want to know where authors get some of their characters names.  I would contend that listening to rather than reading a book does alter th...more
p988
aVI was expecting a lot more from the first book of a series labeled the best fantasy series of all time.  "It's so gritty and real!"  While it is true I have mislaid my thesaurus, I didn't know that gritty was synonymous with misogynistic.  I know better now - thanks Mr. Martin.   I also thought that characters were supposed to develop, there's even a catch-phrase about that: character development - which seemed oddly absent from this book as well, though I hope that if I devote the time to the other...more
p989
aVWell, I didn't love it but I didn't hate it, either.  I'm going to start off with something I thought the book did very well: the ensemble cast.  Generally, I feel very railroaded into supporting a specific group of characters.  Well, even more than that: generally I find the story very invested in making one camp very "good" and the other very "bad."  (That's generalizing a bit, but my point is that sympathies are generally already decided for me.)  Here, however, though I felt most tied to the Star...more
p990
aVLike a lot of people, I learned of Game of Thrones after watching the new TV series. What can I say? After the first Episode I was hooked on the TV show; after the second episode I went and ordered the book (which arrived just in time for episode 3).  And although I already saw 240 pages worth of Game of Thrones before starting the book, these 240 pages were still full of suspense, and even more entertaining than the show.This applies to the whole book: from the first page to the last, you never...more
p991
aVFirstly, let me say that I finished this monster in 5 days time, which for me is somewhat of a record.  Secondly, let me say that I enjoyed sci-fi and fantasy genres as a kid, but until recently I had pretty much looked down my nose at them in adulthood (the \u005cu201cwhy\u005cu201d for that is probably a book in and of itself; suffice it to say that I\u005cu2019m enjoying the genres again).  The structure is terrific.  There are a lot of moving parts to the story, and author handles this by switching the POV from chapter to c...more
p992
aVthe main problem is that none of his characters are likable. it's like titus andronicus, where EVERYONE in the play is either an instigator or a victim. you feel sorry for the victim but their personality is generally downplayed a lot, especially by the people around them. that's kind of like what game of thrones is like. there's a ton of gratuitous violent sex; gore for the sake of gore; numerous foreshadowings that don't actually foreshadow anything for hundreds of pages (if at all); and woode...more
p993
aVGeorge R.R. Martin is legend amongst fantasy sci-fi geeks, and A Game of Thrones is exactly why.  I've had heard the central families and conflicts of the series alternately descriped as better than the Borgias or "The Sopranos of Middle Earth."  But such comparisons aren't fully fair, because they give the impression that Martin's characters are of a stock type.And maybe they are. But only up to an extent. They are fully realized, carefully drawn, and victim of their own scruples. In a too perfec...more
p994
aVI'm sure anyone who reads this review has already noted the rating. Yes, I rate this a 5 star read, as many others have. This is without a doubt an excellent book. Given that I like good epic fantasy and good high fantasy that probably isn't a surprise to anyone who's read many of my reviews in the past. The writing here is first rate. The world building, the character construction are second to none. This is a fine possibly even inspired...beginning...to a story. Now, why I hesitated to go 5 st...more
p995
aVIt's my second time through this series and I'm not going to make the same mistake. Last time, I read each book, one right after the other, and needless to say, that is an INTENSE amount of fantasy. GRRM's imagination is so rich and wonderfully thorough that you can't help but completely immerse yourself in his world. I adore it, the lords and ladies, the intrigue, the descriptions of vastly different lands. It's delicious and a perfect escape route of a book. 
p996
aVI'd been hoping for a series that rivaled the thoroughly enjoyed Terry Goodkind Wizard's First Rule series, and I found it in the Song of Ice and Fire collection.  The first in the series, this book held me from the first page.  The characters are incredibly well developed and the complicated interwoven plots are constantly intriguing.  I whizzed through it so that I could get to the next book just to find out what happens to the Starks and Lannisters next.
p997
aVAlthough I enjoyed Lord of the Rings, I must say, this held my interest much much better. Sure, the pages are dense with text, all the same. But the story moves and moves, and constantly throws you for a loop. Where Lord of the Rings can often bog you down in descriptions of places, A Game of Thrones makes it point and then moves on with the story. (The reason why I keep comparing the two is because I\u005cu2019ve often heard A Game of Thrones described as \u005cu201cthe new Lord of the Rings\u005cu201d.)The style of writing...more
p998
aVI finished "A song of Ice and Fire" at around 4am this morning. I started reading its 700 pages or so on Tuesday 2 days ago at 7pm.I'd watched all of the episodes of the HBO series season 2 on Sunday evening in one sitting. Why, the cold weather, the snow, a few days off work. Procrastination? I enjoyed the added details in the book, the glimpses of the richer history of the Seven Kingdoms.I amazed at how well and how closely adapted the tv series is to the books. Albeit with some obvious dramat...more
p999
aVI really didn't want to write this review-but I must. It is my sworn duty.I just want to preface that I do like fantasy epics-I've read some. Though fantasy isn't my favorite genre, I know that there are great ones. That said, let's begin.I picked this up after my good friend Fatima flooded my Tumblr dashboard with Game of Thrones junk. It was on my dash every five minutes and she wouldn't tag it. Feeling it was some secret nudge for me to read the book and watch the show, I did. Believe it or n...more
p1000
aVThis is one of the very rare times that the massive hype for a book has completely failed to tarnish it. Without a doubt, this is the best book I have read since "Dune". Goddammit, it is just so fantastically written, and Martin effortlessly brushed my disbelief aside and immersed me into his rich world. Lots of people were depressed after seeing the movie "Avatar" because their life was not as magical as the one in the movie (which is pretty fucking retarded), but I'm hungry to see the sights a...more
p1001
aVI'm in it for the characters, and these characters (especially the ladies) are so wonderful to read. I do also enjoy the fantasy, of course, since fantasy is one of my favorite genres. I love the creativity of this world; the seasons aren't of any fixed length? Cool! There used to be dragons? Cool! And then (spoiler, I guess?) there are dragons again! Very cool. The world is fascinating, but more so the characters. I first got into this book series after the first few episodes of season 1 of HBO...more
p1002
aV(So, I started reading this because I want to watch the HBO series.  I can't watch something based on a book without reading the book first - it's a sickness.)On a recent rambling through our local museum of natural history, I stumbled onto an exhibit of the dire wolf.  Seriously.  Alive during the Cenozoic Era, 1.8 million - 10,000 years ago, the dire wolf was the heaviest of all known wolves and had massive teeth and jaws.  Now, I go to this museum almost weekly.  I've passed by this hundreds of ti...more
p1003
aVSince it was first published in 1996,  A Game of Thrones has been one of my favorite books, and the start to one of my most-anticipated series ever. With each new volume of  A Song of Ice and Fire, I find myself excited, and anxious to return to the world of Westeros that author George R.R. Martin has created.When the HBO series  Game of Thrones started in 2011, I found myself interested in re-reading the Ice and Fire saga for two reasons: It had been well over a decade since I'd first read it,...more
p1004
aVThis book has a complicated cast that builds and builds but looses nothing by adding to the list characters introduced.  The story pulls you along by making you believe that there are bad and good people but some of the good people do bad thing and not all of the bad people are that bad at heart and can be capable of doing good things, in other words they are very human!  The story could be set in any era but is made all the more interesting by setting it in a medieval context. By the end of the b...more
p1005
aVFantasy for political junkies. Make no mistake, there are no Orcs or Elves running around. This book is populated with people and they make Henry Tudor's court intrigue look tame. Just when you think you have a character pegged as good, or bad - Martin will make you question it. In the end you have many shades of grey - which makes it fascinating. I have read all of the books in the series and I can say that I am still not 100% sure I know what the end game will be.(Speculating on it is a pretty...more
p1006
aVHoly crap!! *mouth hangs agape* Large Tote Lady review to come as soon as I can string two coherent sentences together.
p1007
aVMaybe I shouldn't have read this in a rush because I felt detached from the story about 50% of the whole book. There were very few moments when I was really excited which is surprising because it is really easy to please me when it comes to fantasy. I guess I got used to a milder description of the barbaric actions of that era. Many will argue that the brutality of some scenes are realistic but they made me uncomfortable, hence ruining my total enjoyment of the books. Overall, I think it's more...more
p1008
aVI read a short story by Martin, The Hedge Knight in an anthology and was blown away by it.  I immediately decided to read A Game of Thrones and was greatly impacted by it.  In my opinion this book is as good as it gets in this genre of literature.  That said it isn't for the faint of heart and I can see where many would find it vulgar and be turned off by it.  There is a lot of evil, negativity and graphic violence in this series.  Another turn off for some would be the fact that the series is not ye...more
p1009
aVI am not usually a fantasy-genre fan (with the exception of Harry Potter of course). It is without reservation that I say "A Game of Thrones" is the best book I've read in a long time. The characters in particular make the words fly off the page and into a reader's soul. Tyrion is one of the best characters with his evil and lovable nature. Cersei is appalling and Ned Stark is admirable but flawed. Defying the archetype, Martin paints each one of the characters grey rather than black or white--t...more
p1010
aV \u005ct"When you play the game of thrones, you win or you die. There is no middle ground."I've heard it said that George R. R. Martin is the American Tolkien. While I'm not sure if this is true, I can understand why people would say it. Not since Tolkien have I found a fantasy world that drew me in so completely. The fantasy genre is one of my favorites. I'm willing to deal with cardboard characters (The Great Tree of Avalon series), unrealistic plot twists (The Sword of Truth series), and more if the...more
p1011
aVI had read the prologue of this book twice and the opening paragraphs of the first chapter once, and yet not persevered beyond that.  Something about it failed to appeal, but I thought I would persist with it, as many others have found these books to be brilliant.Sadly, I am not one of these.  I can appreciate the work gone into such a large and epic tome; the worldbuilding and genealogy are grandiose.  Yet for all that, I found an overwhelming lack of anything to be surprised about in the eight an...more
p1012
aVI wouldn't say that this book was easy to read, and it's also a whooping 800+ pages long too; but, holy damn I love this book so much. It wasn't easy to read because in every chapter, there will be an addition of about 3 or more characters; and I keep on forgetting some of them that I had to keep on using Google every single time. It came to a point that I wanted to list down all the new characters on a paper and just put a description underneath each name so I wouldn't forget. There's also the...more
p1013
aVI finally did it. I sucked it up and bought the four-book pack of The Song of Ice and Fire series on my Kindle. I first heard about the series as a whole from one of my friends who was raving about it on Facebook. I soon made the connection that this was the same series that the new hit HBO show was based on; the show that everyone on Twitter seemed to be all abuzz about. Naturally my curiosity peaked higher. When my fellow Harry Potter lovers (who may know as much, if not more, about HP as I do...more
p1014
aV"When you play the game of thrones, either you win or you die. There is no middle ground." In the first book " A game of thrones" of the "A song of fire and ice" series, written by George Martin, one of the longest lasting summers in the history of Westeros, where seasons have no boundaries and can last for decades , is coming to a quick end. The book gives the reader 8 different perspectives, most of those from the main character's, Eddard Stark's, family but other key characters as well, Georg...more
p1015
aVHaving avoided the televisation of this book, I went into reading it with few preconceptions. But with reviews generally proclaiming it one of the best modern fantasy works on the market, I had high hopes. Thankfully, A Game of Thrones completely lives up to its reputation. What impressed me most, apart from the sheer complexity and detail of the world that Martin has created, was the author's careful balance between narrative and description. His style ensures that from the opening pages, the r...more
p1016
aVEpic is the only word for this novel. Spanning generations of history and an immensely complex web of family dynamics, Game of Thrones addresses so much material that there is no other choice but to be amazed by the world that Martin creates. I started the novel tempted to grab my pencil to take notes or flip back to the appendix, but the true testament to Martin's narrative choices is the enjoyment that comes from in fact not thinking too hard. Even though the story unfolds on many fronts, the...more
p1017
aVAlthough I thought this was a slow starter, it really lent itself to build the foundations with a wide range of characters and stories, by the time I was halfway through this 850-something tome, I was completely and utterly enthralled with the entire world. I followed each plot line avidly and I enjoyed the way Martin switched characters between chapters, ending each one on a cliffhanger, just inviting you to do "just one more chapter". By this point I felt I had to keep going to the very end, h...more
p1018
aVFICTION/ EPIC, FANTASYBook 1 of the "A Song of Ice and Fire"-series.Five formerly independent kingdoms are united under the reign of King Robert Baratheon. King Robert tries to govern his country as best as he can - in between his pleasure hunts, drinking bouts and visits to the local brothels - but despite his best efforts sometimes things go wrong, such as when his right hand Jon Arryn unexpectedly dies. Robert then decides to gather a huge party of knights and travel to the Northern region of...more
p1019
aVThis book, and I suppose the series, is fun reading reminiscent of King Arthur tales. A fast, furious, fun and emotional read. I was surprised I enjoyed it so much, considering I would never count myself a fantasy fan. My favorite thing is that the story is told from all characters' points of view, which means even the villains don't really seem to be villainous.The plot is a bit confusing because there are so many characters with the same names--a bit like reading Exodus in the Bible with all i...more
p1020
aVThis was my first foray into the so-called "Fantasy" genre, and I have to say...not bad.Critically, the reader is asked to suspend belief when it comes to 10-year long winters and decades of summers.  Also, it seemed the author was testing the waters when it comes to characters using magic to bring back other characters from death, belief in dragons, and the zombie-like creatures terrorizing north of The Wall.  He put it out there in this book, but didn't quite jump in whole-heartedly.  Perhaps in...more
p1021
aVI finally finished this book after a month and a half. It took me a while to get into the book and to understand who everyone was and get the houses figured out. Once I got all of that figured out I loved this book and couldnt put it down!! It ended on a cliffhanger so I might just have to pick up the next book right away. Here is a note to everyone who reads this book... Do not pick a favorite character. Because once you do something will happen to them!
p1022
aVMy Rating:  5 StarsObjective Rating:  4 Stars with a big (*)First and foremost--the reason I'm rating this book 5 stars is pretty simple--this is the first book I've read in a long time that I've been entirely immersed in/obsessed with/couldn't put it down/etc.  If a book can engage me that much, then despite its flaws it gets 5 stars from me; as unsophisticated as that may be.I'd been putting the book off for a long time because I was worried about the sex/violence (and there is quite a bit; more...more
p1023
aVHigh fantasy novels of the likes of Lord of the Rings, The Wheel of Time Series, etc. have scared me in the past, so it was with some trepidation that I picked up book 1 in the Ice and Fire series by George R. R. Martin.  The odd names, languages with too many consonants strung together, and family trees that look more like Christmas wreathes and require a mastermind to author as well as keep track of by the reader were my worries.  I confess, I read the novel due to its popularity, and because I...more
p1024
aVI finally finished A Game of Thrones. I finally finished A Game of Thrones. Normally, I tear through books I enjoy as much as this one, but this was too thick and too dense to simply stay up all night reading. It took me a couple of weeks to finish, and that was with it costing me an hour or so of sleep every night I opened it before bed. I made a conscious effort to slow down and read A Game of Thrones more slowly than I might normally, and here's why.Even from the prologue, George R.R. Martin...more
p1025
aVGreat for fans of: The Lord of the Rings, Pillars of the Earth and books with maps and appendices.My Take: The size of the book may scare some, but Martin employs a wonderful technique where each chapter is from the point of view of a different character (of which there are plenty, I assure you...) and consequently you forget how long the book is (actually, I promise you will be wanting more at the end and you're in luck friend...). The action is swift and brutal. "Winter is coming..." and you h...more
p1026
aVFunny that the author of this book calls himself George R.R. Martin.  I wonder if he has two middle names, or if it's a tribute to J.R.R. Tolkien.  Game of Thrones is an excellent book, and rises above the chief complaint of most fantasy novels, it is actually well written.  The way the author jumps from one character to the next, instead of naming or numbering chapters is unique, and helps the reader to focus on the action the author is unfolding.A book of this size and scope, can be quite difficu...more
p1027
aVThis was my second read-through, and I liked it even better this time than I did the first time. (It helps that I'm also watching the HBO series.) The fantasy part is extremely low-magic, though I understand that it picks up in subsequent books, what with the final chapter being how it is. I love the medieval settings, the strong characters, the twists and turns. I love that Martin is not afraid of having really, really bad things happen to his main characters, or having generally likeable chara...more
p1028
aVWinter is Coming....I started  a re-read of this series because book 5, A Dance with Dragons is coming out in July and the TV Series started on HBOA high fantasy book that excels in detail, suspense, intrigue, large scale battles, I could go on.The world is developed slowly but richly, and I for one love the fact that I can get such vivid images in my head about the world of Westeros.The story revolves around a lot of characters, this book mainly the Starks that rule the North, from the City of W...more
p1029
aVI finally caved and started the 'A Song of Ice and Fire' series due to numerous recommendations and being given the first three books for free! I still have yet to watch the TV series but I am definitely planning to. I really enjoyed this book because of the vivid characters and unique world that Martin has created. That said, although I understand why people adore this series, I still don't quite understand what separates it from other epic fantasies from the likes of Kate Elliott or Kristen Br...more
p1030
aVThis much-hyped series knows how to ensnare the reader. The books are modeled after the British War of the Roses and the book captures the tumultuous ups-and-downs of a barely united kingdom where personal ambition and dynastic loyalty can destroy as quickly as they can build. Martin chooses to tell his story through the classic shifting third-person narration, giving us an in-depth look at various facets of the game of thrones. (I wish he would give voice to the "bad" guys though. Or perhaps th...more
p1031
aVWhat I really like about this book is that you read from the point of view of different people all the time. That way no one seems directly evil, and it makes it very realistic. (I do not believe that people can be evil in real life either.) You feel for all the characters, even though all they want is to kill each other.What I do NOT like is that this book is very depressing. No character does well. Everything goes wrong for everyone. When there's a glimpse of light for someone it is taken away...more
p1032
aVIt took me a little to gather all my thoughts on this book.  I love it.  The plot line and the way everything unfolded was just pure genius.  I love how it was told from different points of view, I mean it had to be, because then the story wouldn't have flowed as well.   I was immediately drawn into this world.  I found myself thinking about it all day even dreaming about it sometimes, I just couldn't put the book down, and this kind of story really isn't something I would normally read.So, where to b...more
p1033
aVI just finished reading Song of Fire and Ice and was vastly more impressed than I had anticipated.  It was refreshing that Martin chose to make the book compelling by focusing on characters and plot more than relying on fantastical creatures and abilities.  The elements of fantasy are woven in subtly and more as an element of the setting than a vehicle to move the plot.  Instead, Martin created characters that were complex and understandable.  I hated the villains.  I loved the heroes.  Yet, despite t...more
p1034
aVToo bloody and violent for my taste...
p1035
aVI was introduced to A Game of Thrones through HBO's TV adaptation of the novels and quickly became hooked on the series. When I realised how long I was going to have to wait for the next season to air I turned to the books for my Game of Thrones fix.I have enjoyed diving into the world of these wonderful characters. George R.R. Martin has clearly spent a lot of time developing this world with its complex history, culture and mystery. Each of his characters have an intricacy that I appreciate. Th...more
p1036
aVPg 6 - The taste of cold iron in his mouth gave him comfort.Pg 38 - "I am surrounded by flatterers and fools. It can drive a man to madness, Ned." --- Robert BaratheonPg 39 - "They say it grows so cold up here in winter that a man's laughter freezes in his throat and chokes him to death," Ned said evenly. "Perhaps that is why the Starks have so little humor."Pg 75 - Tyrion wondered what it would be like to have a twin, and decided that he would rather not know. Bad enough to face himself in a lo...more
p1037
aVAn excellent fantasy novel. Full of all of the best aspects of the genre: kings, dragons, swords, and sarcastic dwarves (ok, so maybe the latter isn't part of your traditional fantasy, but it should be, because Tyrion is one of the best characters I've come across in a while!) I actually came to the novels after watching the first series and then flew through the books. I haven't finished the series yet and I am dreading when I do because I have loved them so much. I was sceptical at first becau...more
p1038
aVConsidering I usually find fantasy unremarkably dull I was pleasantly surprised by this book and the series went on to get me through a summer living in the middle of nowhere in Italy. I'd already watched the first 2 books play out on the HBO series but I'm glad I started on book 1 as I found the characters on the show difficult to keep track on and I was on the edge of my seat even when I knew exactly what was about to happen. There are certain threads of storyline which either dont exist or ha...more
p1039
aVMy enjoyment of this first instalment was ultimately hampered from having originally watched the first season of the show based on this series. I was aware before starting that the adaptation was one of the closest in recent history. However, the consensus from my research seemed to be it was worth reading the book for greater detail and perspective insights. Having now read the book I would argue to the contrary, at least for a person like me who is a slow reader or doesn't enjoy covering alrea...more
p1040
aVTwo stars means okay, and that's what this book is. To be honest I'm wondering why this is so popular; it's by the numbers epic-fantasy that doesn't innovate, have a creative world or magic system, and not that memorable a cast.Eddard Stark is happy in his small little fiefdom, raising his sons and daughters. Robert the high king comes one day and asks him to be his Hand-his regent or suzerain. Usually when this happens in a book, expect intrigue, and it comes in spades. Meanwhile there are a co...more
p1041
aVThere's only one way to describe this kind of book: epic fantasy.Think Lord of the Rings with less elves and more human interest. I always feel Lord of the Rings is okay, but it lacks a human dynamic i.e. there is nothing about relationships to add another layer to the battles and bloodshed. Game of Thrones has a fantastically complex storyline. I loved the way there was such a large variety of different narrators, because if I found myself getting annoyed at one storyline (I often found that ab...more
p1042
aV I was so excited when I found this book in our beach rental. I'm a huge fan of the HBO series and I've been meaning to read it for a while. Of course the challenge was to finish all 800 pages in 6 days but I did it! I also ignored three other books on my kindle that I had downloaded for this vacation, and I continued to ignore them so I could start reading the second in the series.I was really pleased to see that HBO stayed very true to the first book. Even more fun is the fact that the books c...more
p1043
aVThis was good. Really good. Better than I expected, frankly.My initial thought is that if it's about anything, A Game of Thrones is about how the folly of youth becomes the folly of adulthood. The sins of the father (and mother and siblings and distant cousins, bastard or otherwise) are visited upon the son (etc.), and all that.My first favorite character is Arya. Arya reminds me of my younger daughter, who at the age of six leapt out of a tree and beat down a boy larger than her as he was hitti...more
p1044
aVI found myself enjoying the book despite the low expectations I had. There were aspects to the TV show I found boring and others entertaining which was how the novel ended up being. I rated it four stars because it was creative and fun, even if the writing was somewhat patchy.Game of Thrones is told from several characters perspective about different people in line for the crown. Eddard Starke's friend and hand of the King is murdered, and he is made the new hand. He suspects his friend was murd...more
p1045
aVI don't read epic fantasy regularly. I read Tolkein (The Hobbit, The Lord of the Rings) and CS Lewis (The Chronicles of Narnia) when I was a kid and then Harry Potter in college and young adulthood. I've also read and enjoyed some of the Medieval epics (Beowulf, Sir Gawain). Which is to say that I came into Game of Thrones not expecting to like it. My husband had been reading it and and wanted to talk about it with someone. He also wanted to see the HBO adaptation and I wanted to read the book f...more
p1046
aVI loved this book so much. I was worried that I would get lost among all the characters and history. However, with a couple handy maps it wasn't an issue. There were honestly only a few times I needed to stop and look something up. It is still hard for me to keep tract of all the family lines and ties. That's been my weak point and why I hate historical fiction about royal families.I know a lot of people have issues with this book for sexualization of children and being upset there is so much se...more
p1047
aVEverything they say is true. This is the best book I have read in a long long time, and I'm told the series just gets better.There were just a few parts where I felt the pacing of the story was a little slow, and the pages throughout are peppered with imagery that sometimes becomes onerous because it ends up being inconsequential. However, I felt that these parts only annoyed me because I was truly invested in "what is going to happen next," and was reluctant to skip a paragraph because the mome...more
p1048
aVBefore the TV show, I had never heard of these books (in fact, I never even knew the show was based on a series of books).I watched the first episode and wasn't impressed.  I couldn't keep track of what was happening with each of the characters and soon got bored.  That was a few months ago.A couple of weeks ago, I was shopping and spotted the first book being sold quite cheap so I though "why not?"If I didn't like it, I wasn't losing much money.  It took me a while to get into it, but I found it e...more
p1049
aVGeorge R.R. Martin heeft een interessant recept uitgekozen om zijn verhaal vorm te geven. De hoofdstukken zijn niet genummerd, maar hebben in plaats daarvan de namen van de personages vanaf wiens schouder de lezer meekijkt. Dit geeft hem de mogelijkheid om op een vloeiende manier te switchen tussen verhaallijnen. Tevens gunt het de lezer een kijkje in het hoofd van zowel vrienden als vijanden.Wat mij persoonlijk het meest trok in dit boek was het feit dat de titel precies weergeeft wat de lezer...more
p1050
aVMy first impression was, Gods, the characters think and act the same. This is true for the first half of the book. I only got fully attached to the characters upon reading the second book, but I did like Bran from the start. My second reaction was, Gods, these kids are way too smart for their age. Yes, in the middle ages, kids become adults earlier. This does not mean that kids mature earlier; it only means that kids are recognized as responsible earlier than in modern times. This impression was...more
p1051
aVthis book is a detailed fantasy world that you can really get indulged in. It takes a lot to read b/c you can't skim without missing something big. You have to have the time and interest to continue reading. I didn't find it hard to get into this book though. Even with all of the details this series is great. The author makes you fall in love with, hate, or feel sorry for all of the characters so well that you feel they are actual people. This particular book in the series has some heart breakin...more
p1052
aVGRRM writes a good book, and there's been enough hype about these that you don't really need me to review them again.  He is messing with me, somtimes, I think.  He's created this engrossing world with some fascinating features I'd like to know more about - like the White Walkers, for instance, but I think we'll get more on them and the dragons etc. as the series goes on.  But also the seasons: summers & winters alike can last years on end, and unpredictably so, two years this time, seven or te...more
p1053
aVI don't think I can add much to the negative reviews that have already been posted, but here it goes: The plot is painfully slow, the characters are flat and one-dimensional, and there is no emotional payoff.  Many of the reviews of this book you will read will say something like "if you want the standard fantasy lit fare with magic and dragons and wizards, you need to look elsewhere!"  Okay, fine, I will.  Sorry, but magic and wizards and so forth are what make most fantasy lit readable and intere...more
p1054
aVOlipahan hieno kirja!Fantasiakirjallisuuden kliseet oli v\u005cu00e4ltetty ja juonikin onnistui olemaan yll\u005cu00e4tt\u005cu00e4v\u005cu00e4. Hahmot oli hyvin kirjoitettu ja vaikka joukossa oli muutama selke\u005cu00e4 "hyvis" ja "pahis", suurin osa oli jossain niiden v\u005cu00e4liss\u005cu00e4 ja juonenk\u005cu00e4\u005cu00e4nteet k\u005cu00e4sitteliv\u005cu00e4t v\u005cu00e4ke\u005cu00e4 mielenkiintoisella tavalla. Voisi melkein sanoa, ett\u005cu00e4 jos paha niin sanotusti saa palkkansa saagan lopussa (mit\u005cu00e4 totisesti toivon), sit\u005cu00e4 voisi pit\u005cu00e4\u005cu00e4 yll\u005cu00e4tyksellisen\u005cu00e4 ratkaisuna.Kauhuelementit olivat kylm\u005cu00e4\u005cu00e4v\u005cu00e4n kamalia, vaikka toistais...more
p1055
aVI watched the HBO series and was generally touch and go with it. After I finished the show, several friends recommended I pick up the books as they thought I might enjoy them more. I was a bit hesitant (the last thing I wanted was an even larger cast of characters to try and keep track of), but when I found the first book cheap at a used bookstore I figured why not give them a shot.Turns out I have some very correct friends.Most of my problems with the TV series (many characters I was disinteres...more
p1056
aVI have mixed feelings about 'A Games of Thrones.' I wanted and was prepared to find the book amazing and un-put-downable, but instead increasingly became a chore to read. Two things kept me reading - I had to find out what happened the Daenyrs and also I was prepared to give the rest of the book a chance to live up to the excitment of her story. In the end, it was as suspected and I was wow-ed by Danys episodes but left feeling a bit beaten up by the other chapters. I ended up not really caring...more
p1057
aVSo when I finished reading this my first thought was, 'Wow! I've got to read the second one'. This was one of the most spectacular books I've ever read. The reason that I gave it four stars was because the amount of characters that were present in the first novel. There were to many MAIN characters. Sure I'd been fine if it had two or three main characters, but no it had eight main characters. It was frustrating to keep up with not only the eight main, but also their friends, family and love rel...more
p1058
aVI really liked this book. I saw the HBO series, and the producers of the show were very true to the book. This series is epic (hence why there are so many books) and full of rich characters you can relate to and undertstand. It's got enough fantasy in it to make it fanastic but it's not an overly dense mythos. Actually, the first book doesn't even get into the mythos too much so I'm not sure how much of it there is, but *spoilers following* considering that Dany has brought the dragons back and...more
p1059
aVI'm sorry guys, but I didn't like it at all.And I really a little ashame, because it's a masterpiece of thoroughly, neatly, detailed writing. But \u005cu2014 alas! \u005cu2014 I don't feel the soul of this book, don't believe in existence of it's characters, like I believe, let's say in Sam Vimes's existence, or for example Heathcliff's, or many others characters I truly love. Don't believe, because they haven't they own will, just author's, and there is too much of author, as for me. I saw him on every page \u005cu2014 a ge...more
p1060
aVA Game Of Thrones (Song of Fire & Ice #1), a Kindle book I began reading on September 21st.  Yes, I admit, I'm delving into this series as a result of seeing a season's worth of Game of Thrones on HBO, which makes the family-themed teeshirts on their website all the more tempting.Watching the TV series served as a kind of lead rope or trail of crumbs for me to follow as I read the first book - it helped me match characters to faces, understand plot progression, and better mentally plan for wh...more
p1061
aVBefore I started reading the book I saw the TV Show. I didn't really watch it, I only saw two full episodes and read about it online. Through that I found out that the TV show was based on a series of books. Therefore I boufght because I just wanted to know what the whole hype was about.I started to read it and finished it in 3 days. I would love to give the book 5 stars but can't. The first 350 pages were just great.All the intrigues and the conspiracy and the development of the characters were...more
p1062
aVI should have known better. I don't like so-called 'epic' fantasy stories. I barely enjoy Tolkien, the master and inventor of the genre. But I wanted fun storybook to read during what I thought would be a long few days without power after Hurricane Irene, and this one (or the series, rather) was getting a lot of press. How bad could it be?Pretty terrible actually. The characters are caricatures, given no more depth than a single trait or two. Every family has a logo, catch phrase, eye color and...more
p1063
aVThis was my first Epic fantasy. Having never read JRR Tolkien's famous epic, I kept hearing about these from friends nd family and decided to give it a shot after watching most of the first season of A Game of Thrones.I couldn't put the book down until I had finished it! There are lots of characters to keep track of, and each chapter is told from a different character's point of view, but one of the things I liked the best about it was that none of the characters were "all-good" or "all-bad." So...more
p1064
aVI tend to avoid fantasy novels, because the majority of the tropes they lean on aggravate me. Game of Thrones falls back on many of these (noble savagery, faux-medieval language substitutions like "raper" for rapist, "ser" for sir and "gaol" for jail, names that are obnoxiously 'fantasized' either through spelling or the addition of extraneous apostrophes), but I still very much enjoyed my experience.  I came to the novel having already seen the entirety of the first season of the HBO series, so...more
p1065
aVA lot of my friends have been bugging me for years to read this series, and after watching the first few episodes of the TV series I finally buckled. You see, I'm pretty ambivalent about most works in the fantasy genre. They're generally fairly similar (at least to me), and I usually find myself a bit bored. Hence, why I kept putting off starting the Song of Ice and Fire series.Clearly, that was a huge mistake. Not only is the story incredibly interesting, the characters are fairly complex, and...more
p1066
aVAt the 75% mark, I was skim reading whole sections of this book. As a testament to how intriguing the fantasy world itself is, I *still* considered reading the second book in hopes of learning some of the mysteries that are introduced but not explored in the first book. Alas, I loved the scaffolding (the world) but not it's heart and soul (the characters and their stories). I didn't care much for any of the characters (with the exceptions of Tyrion and Jon). I found them unbearably cliched, one-...more
p1067
aVEver since I started reading \u005cu201cGame of Thrones\u005cu201d there was only one thing I could think of - Robert Kirkman\u005cu2019s \u005cu201cThe Walking Dead\u005cu201d. Both are so similar in tone and structure that it made me wonder if Kirkman sought inspiration from Martin. Both of them deal with ensemble cast, both constantly write from different points of view, both use pretentious violence and sex, both kill seemingly important characters for shock value and finally both tried something different in their respective genres. While...more
p1068
aVI doubt I can add something that hasn't been already said a thousand times over.  That being said, this is the first story that I've read (or in this case, listen to) where I have been completely pulled in.  The backdoor politics is sensational, the various POV's, refreshing.  I found myself enraged at times, sad at others, caught up in the moments as they came, and at all times, enthralled.  The characters are rich and personable.  The land, somewhat familiar despite it's foreign nature.  The world i...more
p1069
aVThat high of a rating on the strength of one character.*  I can almost hear the mob lighting its torches and sharpening its pitchforks. Oh well.  Epic fantasy and I have always had a strained relationship.At least now, if I sneer, I can have an informed sneer.So what's not to like?Excessive length to lack of complexity ratio.  Predictability.  Spotty world building.  Characters so stereotypical they hurt your brain.  Well, they hurt mine, but it could also have been the heat; I was reading most of thi...more
p1070
aVWell...this was a behemoth. I enjoyed it about halfway through, then it became torturous, and somewhere along the way, it became enjoyable again. I can't say I connect entirely with some of the characters, as it's obvious they've brought their ill fates upon themselves. But I find myself intrigued and actually thinking about reading the sequel.I feel like there was wasted potential, particularly with Viserys, and I would have liked to know more about the house Targayen, of which there's only Dae...more
p1071
aVI bought this book on a whim because I was tired of school books and non-fiction.  I had never heard of it and knew nothing about it.  But it was there and I was bored.  First NEW book I've bought in years (I prefer used).  It is AMAZING. It is not an easy read, so don't expect to coast. Keeping track of who is who, and belongs to which family and swears loyalty to which lord and is plotting again which group makes for VERY slow going, but its is worth it.  I don't want to include spoilers, just trus...more
p1072
aVI heard about this series from a friend of a friend and the plot sounded right up my alley.  On picking the book up, it was a bit clunky for me at first.  I think I've gotten a little soft on characters I can so easily identify with and laughs that temper serious context (ie Rowling).  This book was so ominous at points and with multiple narrators, I couldn't always identify with the speaker which was another challenge.  I got past it. And once I did, I stayed up late, engulfed in what was unfolding...more
p1073
aVApparently, this is the summer where I read either epics of at least 600 pages, or barely-novella length books about werewolves. Obviously, A Game of Thrones falls into the former category. It's one of those staples of fantasy that I've managed to pass over for years and years, but I'm glad I finally dug down into it. There is a lot going on, and it can be easy to glaze over, but Martin periodically brought me back from the brink with plot twists that I couldn't see coming at all. The characters...more
p1074
aVI am not rich enough in words to express my delight in this book.  I was guided by another member of GR to this treasure and cannot begin to tell her how much I appreciate her suggestion that I read this.  The book is so rich in characters and plot twists that it is not possible to adequately summarize it.  However, I will say that the writing is beautiful and the story mesmerizing.  The descriptions of this wonderfully created world are enough on their own to make reading this worthwhile.  Add in ch...more
p1075
aV Pure satisfaction =D Hey, how this man can write so much??? rsrsrrsA book with more than thousand pages which 800 talks about the story, super organized with drawings (I liked the map), and it teases you a lot, if you don't pay too much atention, u'll end up lost. My only difficult was the beginning with their names and nicknames, so I made a little note to keep it till I get used to themAmazing book is that one that no matter how wide it is, you read it easily and don't want to stop and not me...more
p1076
aVA truly epic tale of social classes, war, and intrigue. A deconstruction of high fantasy, the first novel of the Song of Ice and fire imagines the world as a grim and dangerous place, where conflicts arise not only through human ambition but also the surrounding environment and cultures. Martin has a gift for esoteric details that deepens the acute reader's understanding of the characters and plot, with numerous riddles and mysteries making for a highly interesting and entertaining read. However...more
p1077
aVRelectura de esta brillante saga de literatura fant\u005cu00e1stica, que es mucho m\u005cu00e1s que esto. A trav\u005cu00e9s de esta obra, larga, densa, atractiva, monumental, Martin  demuestra que es un escritor con muchas cualidades. Entre ellas, la de ser capaz de atrapar al lector no s\u005cu00f3lo desde la primera a la \u005cu00faltima p\u005cu00e1gina del libro, sino desde la primera a la \u005cu00faltima p\u005cu00e1gina de cada uno de los cap\u005cu00edtulos. Planificada con toda la intenci\u005cu00f3n, la historia avanza a trav\u005cu00e9s de las vicisitudes de los principales personajes. Cada p...more
p1078
aVA Game of Thrones is more than what it should be, and that spoiled it for me. There are too many characters and incidents being described which have no relevance at all to the story. And I do understand that events only help a reader feel more at ease with the world he's being drawn into, but why so many characters! Of the introduced, perhaps only 20% had made a second appearance if at all.The novel is beautiful. I've dreamed of wars and kings for three nights straight, and will keep dreaming so...more
p1079
aVEste libro ha sido uno de los mejores que he le\u005cu00eddo. A pesar de que vi la serie antes de leer el libro, lo disfrut\u005cu00e9 como si jam\u005cu00e1s la hubiese visto. Para m\u005cu00ed no hay comparaci\u005cu00f3n entre poder leer c\u005cu00f3mo piensa un personaje y nada m\u005cu00e1s ver qu\u005cu00e9 hace.El libro est\u005cu00e1 ambientado en la Edad Media y es narrado desde ocho puntos de vista. Cuando empec\u005cu00e9 el libro pensaba que iba a ser demasiado pesado leer desde tantos puntos de vista diferentes, pero de verdad me pareci\u005cu00f3 muy agradable. Tengo un mont\u005cu00f3n de nuevos pe...more
p1080
aVLord Eddard Stark of Winterfell has spent the twenty years since he helped King Robert win his throne, ruling comfortably over his castle, but when Robert comes to Eddard asking him to be the King\u005cu2019s Hand, and there\u005cu2019s whispering of murder, assassination and plots for power, the Stark family quickly finds themselves in a game of thrones.This book thoroughly entertained my friends; they really enjoyed watching me get so worked up over the book. I really disliked most of the characters. With over a...more
p1081
aVIf I could give this book three and a half stars, I would. I more than simply liked it, but its tediousness and length kept it from being four stars to me.It took me about four months to read this. Martin is far too wordy and descriptive for my taste. But what's awesome about this epic fantasy and its ridiculous amount of names is that it's more historical fiction than fantasy, which is a genre I love. That's what kept me going. When Martin gets moving with action and fighting, he REALLY writers...more
p1082
aVI haven\u005cu00b4t seen A Game of Thrones TV-show, and the only reason I started reading this book was that my friend recommend this to me.I read this 746 pages pretty fast, one of the reasons where that I only had two weeks reservation time from library and book was really addictive.It was really hard to start reading because there was lot of different names and characters, you had to concentrate and try to remember who was who and so on. But after you had find out characters plot craps you and you just...more
p1083
aVI think I liked this book in spite of all the hype.  It was an engrossing read, with well-rounded and nuanced characters. And I appreciate that the author has the courage to kill some of our favorites, and not to make all the 'heroes' perfectly admirable.  And for that matter to make the 'bad guys' charismatic and sympathetic, at least to some extent. There are long books that feel short because the writing never falters - this was not one of those books.  There were several times in the books I fe...more
p1084
aVBook #56 for 2012: This book's in the reading list of my book club. I've been a very delinquent member so when the opportunity to comply with the club's reading list presented itself (was confined in the hospital plus I had to recover from the tragedy that was the last book I've read [yaiks Celine Lopez]), I just had to seize it. The book's 835 pages long but I was able to finish it in less than a week partly because of no work/school days (due to the weather) but mostly because I was so hooked...more
p1085
aVI confess I watched the series before I read the books. I was very impressed with the book. The series was phenomenal so I had high expectations for the book. I was a bit bored at times and skipped a few sentences but I thoroughly enjoyed it. I know Clash of Kings is different to the series so Im looking forward to it.Anyway, my star character would have been Sandor Clegane because I felt despite his hard and nasty exterior I find his actions toward Sansa sweet and helpful, rather than her idea...more
p1086
aVTook a while to get going and with the introduction of many characters I had to skip back a few times to remind myself of who was who. However it was worth persevering as about halfway through the story gained pace. I finished the second half in two days and what a ride it was. Not all the characters are likeable, in fact some are pretty objectionable but this adds to the weaving of an intricate and enthralling tale. For a 'fantasy' book it's not all monsters and magic. Although those elements a...more
p1087
aVI mean really, what is there to say about this book?  It's long and full of characters whose names and birthplaces you can't remember.  The characters you love die.  The characters you loathe seem to come out on top.  The battle scenes are long, the lineages are confusing and there's a lot of talk of bastards.And yet, I just kept reading.I like the complicated family plots.  I like the Starks (duh).  I LOVE the multiple focalizers.  I like the undead zombie things.  Lots to like, really, if you're into...more
p1088
aVLike many others, I decided to read A Game of Thrones after having heard rave reviews of the TV Show.I chose to watch the TV series first and fell in love instantly. This is why I wasn't expecting the book to better it. I really really enjoyed it!Unlike the show, each character is much younger then you would expect which only adds to the amount of horror you feel when all these awful events arise which tears all the Noble families apart.Some of the themes, as you would expect, are truly shocking...more
p1089
aVGame of Thrones is an amazing book Fraught with Danger, and lovable characters. Through every sentence George R.R. Martin tells a story that will always leave you pressing on through the book. time flies by, and moments become special as you analyse the novel. This is a book for the ages that is difficult to put down.              While the Book is amazing the T.V. show gives new life to the world of the game of thrones. to see all of your favorite locations brought to life before you is breathtaking. The ch...more
p1090
aVWith a final sprint to end it this week, I just finished 'A Game of Thrones'. Who would've thought I'd be reading fantasy again... But the thing is, the fantasy-aspect is pushed into the background. They are speaking of dragons, sure, but they only play a minor part. What's most important are the relationships, politics and questions of loyalty. The plot really transcends the fantasy genre. There's no ring that has to be cast back into the depths of hell. No, there is a crown that ties 7 kingdom...more
p1091
aVSome of the words the pop to mind after finishing Game of Thrones are: wonderful, amazing,and quiet simply: wow. You can surely see after reading it having liked it or not, why it is as acclaimed as it is. It is literally brilliance in words for me, a truly greatly written book. Strong prose that follows a intricate, though not overly-complicated plot, with characteristic medieval English within beautiful phrases. Ambienced in a series of violent, dangerous, yet gorgeous places, a handful of lov...more
p1092
aVThe first book I purchased and read on my Kindle!  I have heard a lot of people talk about the show and the books, so even though fantasy isn't my favorite genre, I thought it would be worth checking out.I think I like fantasy more than I thought.  It took hardly any time at all to read this book!  The story is basically the intrigues you would expect to find in a story of courts, and kingdoms.  Houses mistrust one another and fight, alliances are forged and betrayed, and as it all ends in this firs...more
p1093
aVWhat can I say--it was great!  I am sooo sad about Ned, though.    A Game of Thrones is very impressive, and I look forward to reading the rest of the series. (It's a television series on HBO, as well--I've seen a couple of episodes.)In Martin's first book in the A Song of Ice and Fire series, he presents the older generation of characters, and their past exploits in the Northern and Southron Kingdoms (united for the nonce), while introducing the younger generation--which must quickly mature as man...more
p1094
aVKnocked out by a terrible cold, with a sinus headache that made me unable to focus my eyes on even the least demanding of network TV, I decided maybe this would be the time to tackle this book.  The audio version had been loaded on my iPod for months, but the thought of taking on more than 30 hours of narration was a bit daunting.  Now I wasn't going anywhere.I knew that the book is the first in a series, and I'd heard from friends that I shouldn't expect any kind of resolution.  I also know about...more
p1095
aVI read this book after watching the first season of the show, as I am sure a lot of people who recently read the book have. I loved the show and wanted to read the book to see what it would add to my knowledge of this universe. The series matches up very well with the book, better than I thought it would when I started reading the book. If you think this would make the book dull though you would be wrong, the book still is fascinating because it is told from the point of view of various characte...more
p1096
aVI don't know what to say about it really. Like, I really really enjoyed reading it. A lot. But I feel like it's not very well written? It's better written than most fantasy novels I've read (see: Hunger Games, Twilight) but it's got that weird thing where women are oversexualized and/or overmatronized, and he's always talking about vaginas using the word "sex", which is a little strange, plus the whole thing about dabbing perfume on it all the time, as in "her maidservant dabbed perfume on her s...more
p1097
aVI'm not entirely sure how I feel about this book, whether I liked it or not or rather how much I liked it. There certainly is a lot to like, but there is also a lot that did not appeal to me at all. This might be one of the most cruel novels I've ever read. The story is based on Murphy's Law - everything that can go wrong, will go wrong. Martin holds nothings back, no one is spared, pretty much any even remotely likable character either gets taken down a peg or three or ends up dead. And that's...more
p1098
aVStory is entertaining; just wish the characters and writing were stronger.The writing was passable, but nothing special - repeated metaphors and occasional details that don't ring true.The laundry lists of tangential names, places and half-baked legends to fill in backstory get tiresome, and contribute to the book length yet add little to the book.Example: "Bran knew all the stories.  Their names were like music to him.  Serwyn of the mirror Shield.  Ser Ryam Redwyne.  Prince Aemon the Dragonknight....more
p1099
aVIt would be presumptuous of me to even begin trying to review such a classic book, so instead I'll give some of my personal reflections on reading it.I have heard of George R.R. Martin for some time but am not a great fan of large fantasy books, although Lord of the Rings remains one of my favorites, I tend to find them long and fairly tedious as a rule. I picked up Game of Thrones - or rather, downloaded it - after the glowing reviews of Mr Martin's latest opus and thought I really should try t...more
p1100
aVThe beginning of a modern fantasy epic that has the potential to be very, very good. I have to admit that halfway through I was having trouble understanding what all the hype was about. Martin takes his sweet time setting up his dominoes before starting off a chain reaction that unravels quickly with quite a few satisfying and saddening twists and turns by the end. While the first half of the book reads quite slowly (there's a massive cast of characters to introduce and geography to be laid out)...more
p1101
aVSo my brother has been talking about this book for years and I've always had it in the back of my mind to read it. Then with the HBO series that started, everyone started talking about this book all over again so I knew I had to finally give it a try. I have to admit it was a little daunting to first pick it up, it's a really big book. But once I started reading, I didn't want to stop reading. Martin is an amazing storyteller and his writing style just sucked me in so by the time I would look up...more
p1102
aVNow that was really good. This book kept me on the edge of my seat and I could barely put it down. George Martin has this amazing ability to flesh out all his characters. It's easy for someone to have you fall for a sympathetic character but it takes real talent to make the truly unsympathetic ones even more interesting. The story is fascinating, well paced, well written. The world building is smart and subtle, the plot makes sense, the twists are explained, the language is common, down-to-earth...more
p1103
aVI finished the book and started the second one immediately after. I am very angry at myself for getting sucked into an epic series with pretty much no end in sight (there are 7 books! 7! and only four out with a 5th one out soon..it\u005cu2019s like Harry Potter and the Dark Tower series all over again!! ahhhhh!)butit was sooooooo good. As i said early i tend to hop on the bandwagon late, i didn\u005cu2019t get into Harry Potter until the 4th book was about to come out when i was in 6th grade. I got into the Dark T...more
p1104
aVI won't bother with long a plot summary since I think the whole world knows the basics thanks to the HBO series, but here it is in brief: A ten-year long summer is ending and a 10+ year winter is coming. When King Robert Baratheon names Northern Lord Eddard Stark the "Hand of the King" (second in command) it plunges the Stark family into the middle of intrigue. Murder abounds and no one can be trusted. War looms on the horizon, as dark and deadly as the coming winter.I picked this up at Chicago...more
p1105
aVEverything else faded away from care as I read this. Consequently, I have a week's worth of real life obligations piled up around me, neglected. It's been a long time since I could lose myself in a book in this way. I basically lived so that I could read this, and everything else came second. Oh god! what an epic whirlwind of story telling, and what an ending (if you can call it that, seems more of a beginning!) I can't wait to read the next one.  So many strong characters to love or hate or both...more
p1106
aVI don't ever read books a second time, but I made an exception in the case of "A Game of Thrones" and it was worth it. I loved this book when it first came out and continued to read the second book. Then I got busy and, when the 3rd book came out, I didn't finish it - forgot the plot.So I set out to re-read A Game of Thrones for two reasons (1) to see if I still enjoyed it enough to read the whole series again, and (2) to start the plot from the beginning. I found it just as enjoyable the second...more
p1107
aVIt's hard to say whether I preferred standing shoulder to shoulder with my Jon on the wall, peering out into the vacant darkness, apprehensively waiting for winter to come, or hiding behind columns in Kings Landing, digesting each delicious morsel of gossip that happened to disentangle itself from the Spiders Web. Martin's writing is singular in that it gives each character life and breathe, there is no two dimensionality and nothing is in black and white. He accomplishes something I feel so few...more
p1108
aVIskreno, kada sam tek po\u005cu010dela \u005cu010ditati, mislila sam da sigurno ne\u005cu0107u zavr\u005cu0161iti do kraja - toliko likova i opisa porodi\u005cu010dnih stabala, cijela taj epski kulturolo\u005cu0161ki kod. Ali, onda odjednom sam uhvatila samu sebe kako \u005cu010dekam da vidim \u005cu0161ta \u005cu0107e biti dalje.oni koji od pri\u005cu010de o\u005cu010dekuju zaplete vezane prvenstveno oko ljubavnih trouglova od \u005cu010dijeg razrje\u005cu0161enja ovisi sudbina cijelog svijeta i sli\u005cu010dno - mo\u005cu017eete slobodno ostaviti ovu knjigu gdje ste je na\u005cu0161li. Igre prijestolja je roman koji po svim svojim tematskim, idejnim...more
p1109
aVGame of Thrones is a big book, but all eight hundred pages of it feel like a long introduction to things yet to come. Well, perhaps not all of them, the last chapters of most characters showed a great deal of promise for good old entertaining fantasy action. It is most certainly an entertaining book (read through it in a couple days), which conforms to the traditional fantasy plot to a point - we have princesses and knights and wars and legends and everything and they are similar to the same one...more
p1110
aVThis is one of a few novels in this genre that I found insanely easy to read, and it's not due to a lack of complicated language or description. It is because of the way it is WRITTEN! Every chapter presents what is basically another short story from a characters point of view, and it is just beautiful, like a wonderful sequence of events delicately woven together to create an excellent novel. The characters, although there are some I do not like (Jaime, Catelyn, Cersai and sometimes Bran) their...more
p1111
aVWow. 800 pages. A truly epic fantasy series that reminds me of the extended uncut 4 hour Lord of The Rings in book format only with more time spent on describing everything (less action), and I do mean everything. There was a ton of foreshadowing, then the story would be captivating and engaging, then even more foreshadowing...and still more. I thought it spent a lot of time describing minor characters such as a serving girl or a slave boy and things could have been cut down or out. While I like...more
p1112
aVMy husband, an avid fantasy reader, has tried for years to get me interested in the genre. One evening when I was desperate for something to read, he handed me this book and begged me to give it a chance. I was hooked from page one! The writing is exceptional, and the characters--especially the women--are well developed. What strikes me most about Martin's work is that it is brutally honest and the characters act and think like real people...they don't seem at all like the stereotypical "heroes"...more
p1113
aVA high-fantasy tale, these books are not for the feint of heart. They are bloody and violent, but appropriate to the theme. It follows a Middle Ages setting, though not taking place on Earth. Nonetheless, the story is based on the political machinations of the aristocracy and all its attendant wars, marriages, alliances, feuds and everything in between. Martin based many of the conflicts in the series, in theory, on famous wars such as the War of the Roses and the Albigensian Crusades and Rome a...more
p1114
aVP\u005cu0159izn\u005cu00e1v\u005cu00e1m, \u005cu017ee do t\u005cu00e9 doby, ne\u005cu017e jsem se za\u005cu010dala d\u005cu00edvat na seri\u005cu00e1l, jsem nem\u005cu011bla v\u005cu016fbec tu\u005cu0161en\u005cu00ed, \u005cu017ee n\u005cu011bkde \u005cu017eije a p\u005cu00ed\u005cu0161e n\u005cu011bjak\u005cu00fd G. R. R. Martin. Ale jakmile jsem za\u005cu010dala sledovat seri\u005cu00e1l, tento sv\u005cu011bt m\u005cu011b za\u005cu010dal fascinovat a zaj\u005cu00edmat st\u005cu00e1le v\u005cu00edce a za\u005cu010dala ve m\u005cu011b r\u005cu016fst zv\u005cu011bdavost po kni\u005cu017en\u005cu00ed p\u005cu0159edloze. Po knize jsem tedy skute\u005cu010dn\u005cu011b s\u005cu00e1hla (sice o n\u005cu011bco pozd\u005cu011bji, ne\u005cu017e jsem p\u005cu016fvodn\u005cu011b pl\u005cu00e1novala) a jej\u005cu00ed \u005cu010dten\u005cu00ed m\u005cu011b naprosto pohltilo i p\u005cu0159es to, \u005cu017ee jsem cel\u005cu00fd p\u005cu0159\u005cu00edb\u005cu011bh ji\u005cu017e znala.Pr\u005cu00e1v\u005cu011b znalost p\u005cu0159\u005cu00edb\u005cu011bhu m\u005cu011b ve \u005cu010dten\u005cu00ed trochu brzdila, jeliko\u005cu017e m\u005cu011b nepo...more
p1115
aVI wanted to challenge myself to step outside my literary comfort zone (British classics and historical romances, if you hadn't noticed) and try something totally different. Fantasy is my least favorite kind of book. I'm my father's daughter: I'm snobby about my science fiction and disdain magic in books. Growing up, my brother tried valiantly to interest me in his favorite genre. When I was just a 10 year old girl he gave me books with dragons, knights and wizards like Captains Outrageous; For D...more
p1116
aVHace a\u005cu00f1os le\u005cu00ed recomendaciones de "Una canci\u005cu00f3n de Fuego y Hielo" en varios blogs, pero en ese entonces era imposible para mi obtener el libro. Ahora con el \u005cu00e9xito de la serie de televisi\u005cu00f3n record\u005cu00e9 aquellas recomendaciones y le di una oportunidad antes de mirar la adaptaci\u005cu00f3n. Este es uno de esos libros que debido a la impresi\u005cu00f3n y/o gusto por la historia me resulta muy dif\u005cu00edcil escribir un comentario, pero \u005cu00a1GAAAAHR! \u005cu00a1Historias \u005cu00e9picas, momentos Break The Cutie, bastardos, los Stark, la Guardia de la N...more
p1117
aVOn the whole, A Game of Thrones is excellent, excellent work. George RR Martin has somehow managed to balance a truly enormous scope with a high (okay, sometimes too high...) level of detail. Part Tolkien-scale world building and part Malorian chronicle of a generation, yet skulking behind the shadow of neither. At every turn, A Game of Thrones demands to establish itself as a hulking giant of a literary entity.Before I opened the book I was surprised at the high praise the work received from ge...more
p1118
aVA long time ago seven kingdoms existed and they were brought together under King Robert through battle. Now there are those who wish more power and plot to get that and those who are forced to leave to save their lives and plot to return gloriously. There are also those content with who they are and their king refuses to let them be and wishes their services.This is a land where summers last for decades but winter is approaching and the supernatural forces beyond the kingdom are amassing. This i...more
p1119
aVThis book proved to be better written than I first thought it would be. Yes, it dips into some expositional dialogue to give us background information and plot and keep us in the loop, but I guess that can barely ever be avoided in this kind of genre. Trouble is, I've obviously seen the series, which was fortunately quite faithful, but it also left me with little desire to follow the plot once I remembered the scene happening in the current chapter.So I'm torn. Read book 2 even though I've seen...more
p1120
aVThere has been so much hype around this series because of the HBO show, I had AGOT on my "to check out in the bookstore" list. I picked it up to read the first few pages of the prologue, and wasn't able to put it down.Martin skips POV around from character to character each chapter, which takes some getting used to. He also has a plan in mind for a 7-book story spanning THOUSANDS of pages, so some of the early development takes getting used to.Most shocking, however, his is willingness to kill o...more
p1121
aVA sprawling, exceptional tale of fantasy with crossover appeal.  What can be said about this book that hasn't already been said?  It covers its genre so well that I do believe it has become more mainstream in its target audience than the typically-expected fantasy followers.  There is no question the HBO adaptation deserves some credit for that, but that shouldn't detract from the accessible manner in which this detailed tome of Westeros is written.I am not a large consumer of sword-and-sorcery fan...more
p1122
aVI adored this book. It is exactly the type of story that I love reading; there is an entire new world to learn with a variety of characters and en epic plot line to top it all off. I loved how every chapter featured the story from a different perspective. It made the world feel so much larger and fully constructed. I could understand where every character was coming from and what had motivated them to do what they did (even Sansa, who I did not like for about 98% of her chapters). My favorites w...more
p1123
aVAfter hearing so many things about this book and after seeing the TV series, I thought that it\u005cu2019s probably the best time to read \u005cu201cA Game of Thrones\u005cu201d. Although, I wasn\u005cu2019t in a good mood when I started it, at the end I really enjoyed it. So many things are happening in the story and the narration is from many POVs. My personal opinion is that this book should have been at least two books! It\u005cu2019s way too big! Of course, the world-building is amazing. The author has done great job with the details and I...more
p1124
aVWinter is coming. Everyone dies. These are the touchstone phrases I kept hearing about "A Game of Thrones". Having resisted in the face of popularity of the books, I found myself needing a good long book on tape for a new long commute to work.Yes, I listened to Game of Thrones, an act many friends thought was hysterically funny or just crazy. Perhaps I didn't know how all the characters names were spelled, and there were a few times when I had to backtrack to re-listen. But overall the plot work...more
p1125
aVQuando mi sono avvicinata a questa serie non ne sapevo molto, speravo comunque di leggere qualcosa di epico e originale, le anteprime erano intriganti e le recensioni sempre positive. Ho visto anche la serie TV (che ho smesso di vedere dopo la prima stagione), ma sono il tipo di persona che preferisce i libri sempre e comunque.Martin \u005cu00e8 un ottimo narratore, su questo no c'\u005cu00e8 assolutamente da dire. Mi piace l'idea di di avere il libro in capitoli con un POV diverso, sia per raccontare le vicende in...more
p1126
aVThank God for HBO coz wow, I had such a hard time reading this book! Its soooo loooonnnggg!! But because I enjoyed the show so much I just had to read the book and see what happens, HBO has only finished Season 2. After reading this book, it looks like Season 1 literally ended with book 1 so Im assuming that Season 2 is book 2 as well. I love the characters and their stories but I have such a short attention span I end up scanning sometimes coz its so detailed I get bored. Since Im so addicted t...more
p1127
aVI recently read in interview conducted between George R. R. Martin and Bernard Cornwell, during which the latter commented that "...fantasy and historical novels are twins... It seems to me you write historical novels in an invented world which is grounded in historical reality...". That rather concisely sums up many of the thoughts I'd had while reading this. Although bookended by two fantasy tropes, much of the book has more in common with familiar feudal conflicts than the typical Good vs. Ev...more
p1128
aVI can't believe it has taken me so long to finally get into Game of Thrones! I heard about it 7 years ago, when there were only four books ... now there are five books, with two more still to come. The first in the series was published in 1996.  In comparison, The first Harry Potter book was published in 1997, and the seventh just 10 years later. Assuming I keep reading at my current pace, I'll soon have the privilege of waiting and waiting for the next book to come out with the all the other fan...more
p1129
aVI picked up Game of Thrones purely through a friend's recommendation and tore through the book at a rate that shocked even me. George R. R. Martin did such an amazing job weaving an intricate story with twists and turns that made my head spin. His ability to throw his readers into sensory overload while reading is outstanding and I found myself always wanting more. Game of Thrones combined perfectly a world of fantasy and magic with a world of power struggles and political gain. After completing...more
p1130
aVThis is my third and final attempt at reading A Game of Thrones. The Song of Fire and Ice is another one of those series of books dubbed "the greatest fantasy series ever written" which brings it into the fold of The Lord of the Rings, The Wheel of Time, The Chronicles of Narnia, The Dark Tower and many others (Elric, Shanarra, Harry Potter etc). It's lauded for its realism, strong characters, and gritty story-telling. To many people it is the greatest fantasy series they've ever, or will ever,...more
p1131
aVDizi, kitab\u005cu0131n m\u005cu00fckemmel bir uyarlamas\u005cu0131 ve kitaptan daha iyi.Okudu\u005cu011fum en iyi uyarlamalardan. Ufak tefek de\u005cu011fi\u005cu015fiklikler var ama olaylar\u005cu0131n ak\u005cu0131\u005cu015f\u005cu0131na m\u005cu00fcdahele edilmemi\u005cu015f, ve dizinin ak\u005cu0131c\u005cu0131l\u005cu0131\u005cu011f\u005cu0131 i\u005cu00e7in yap\u005cu0131lmas\u005cu0131 gereken \u005cu015feyler bunlar zaten. Birinci sezonun bitti\u005cu011fi yerde bitiyor. Hani \u005cu00e7ok merak edip bunu okumay\u005cu0131 atlamak isteyen varsa atlayabilir. Ama yine de okunmas\u005cu0131n\u005cu0131 tavsiye ederim ben, \u005cu00e7ok fazla karakter ve \u005cu00e7ok fazla olay oldu\u005cu011fu i\u005cu00e7in kitap g\u005cu00fczel bir cila oluyor. Hem hanedanlar, karakterler; hem de harita ka...more
p1132
aV"It is no matter to them if the high lords play their game of thrones, so long as they are left in peace." I liked being transported to another world via the imagination of Martin. The only parts of the book I didn't care for were the passages that contained a litany of names of previously unknown characters, i.e., excessive detail like that in the following excerpt: "Ser Balon Swann, Lord Bryce Caron of the Marches, Bronze Yohn's heir, Ser Andar Royce, and his younger brother Ser Robar, their s...more
p1133
aVYou need to read this book.I don't care if you fantasy isn't your cup of tea, or you don't have the patience for long epics. Whatever. You have to read this.Seriously, it is brilliance. Not brilliant, note - *brilliance*. My God, the *details*. The *characters*. You are not going to find such a well-planned book ANYWHERE else. You are also not going to find a book that is anywhere near as compelling, involving or absorbing. (Those are all a bit redundant, but still).Martin's world is so fleshed...more
p1134
aVThis is a great yarn, a cracking tale of medieval dynastic intrigue, leavened with dragons and zombies. His characters are like great bottles of wine: rounded, full and you always want more. It's a particular delight to encounter his range of women, who cover all the archetypes: sweet helpless maiden, wise widow, femme fetale, lovable tomboy. Martin trained as a journalist, and it shows in this book. He moves crisply from realm to realm and succeeds in never becoming tangled in his complexity. T...more
p1135
aVHaving already seen the first two seasons of the show based upon the books, I approached this first book in the series thankfully having an idea of where the story was going, what to expect to happen (within this book). While the story is complex, complicated, and wanders a bit, the detail in the world George R.R. Martin created is amazing, and having that foreknowledge allowed me to appreciate the backstory, to see and explore every side path he takes us down. As a fantasy story with few fantas...more
p1136
aV  Long fucking book. Kind of hard for me to finish, took me four days. I really don't know what to say about it... I don't really like what happens in it. Lol I just wanted to read it before I watched the show, but now I don't really want to watch the show because I found the book so depressing. I think I'm going to read the next book before I start the first season of tv series because I'm going to want to marathon both seasons back to back. I'm just not used to books not having somewhat of a ha...more
p1137
aVWinter is coming.These are the foreboding Stark words that seemed to be murmured at every twist and turn of George R.R Martins, Game of Thrones. The title is the first in the series, a Song of Ice and Fire, a series which had recently gained prominence thanks to the HBO show named for the first novel.Martin sets his characters up in a world of Kings, Lords, Knights and Dragons. From the starting pages we are plunged into a world that is rapidly changing. Ned Stark, described for his high honour...more
p1138
aVThis is the first Fantasy story I\u005cu00b4ve read so far, I never even read the Lord of the Rings books, and since i hated the movies i doubt I ever will.But Game of Thrones is a fantastic read, it keeps you interested all along, the author managed to create a splendid and fantastic, yet believable world.I love the fact that there are chapters centered around different characters, it makes things fresh and makes for a very nice surprise when you see yet another chapter from one of your favorite heroes.I...more
p1139
aVLet me start this review by saying that I started this series a year before it became a major series on HBO. That being said, I love the show and have nothing but praise for it. Season 2 is phenomenal and I hope they can keep up these standards. I started reading A Song of Ice and Fire based on an Amazon review. I had no idea how deep I would be sucked into George R.R. Martin's incredibly detailed and realistic world. I've always loved fantasy. The Harry Potter series and the Lord of the Rings s...more
p1140
aVFinally! It took me a bit to get through it, but I got to the last page. And... I feel bad for not liking this book as much as all of my friends did. If that was possible, it would get 3,5 stars at the very best. Why?First of all, it was long. Very, very long until I felt involved in the plot. The book consists a lot of talking, but a little action itself. All the intriguing and conspiracies were dragging. As much as I admired Martin's sharp language and narration, there was no protagonist I wou...more
p1141
aVFrom a fantasy perspective, the book rates higher.  I like the story lines, especially the underlying mystery of what lies north of the wall and the effect it will have when winter comes.  The characters were well developed and great detail was put into the background/history.  This leads to one of my complaints: there are either too many characters to follow or too much detail is provided on some ancillary characters (or both).  I'm also not a fan of the author's writing style.  Specifically, I don'...more
p1142
aVStarted to read the first Game of Thrones book, but 30 pages into it I couldn't take anymore.  I've read books before that start you off with a ton of characters and descriptive writing, so that wasn't it. I felt like this author was so smug about the fact he had created a huge back-story that he just kept throwing his superiority in your face. He'd throw out these terms like some obscure war or group of cities, which clearly needed more definition. Of course, he could explain more later, but I f...more
p1143
aVThis is the first 5-star book I've read in a while now. I pretty much tore through it and truly enjoyed the experience.I don't really feel like I have a lot to say about it though. I think I'm just getting sick of writing "reviews". Here are some bullet point spoilers so I can help remember what I thought was interesting about the book.(view spoiler)[\u005cu2022 I'm disappointed that Ned was killed. I actually liked his character quite a bit and I was hoping I'd see more of him.\u005cu2022 The direwolves are AWESOM...more
p1144
aVBook 1 of at least 7, maybe 8. Good book. Long. Page turner in many areas, but also sometimes a bit slow. Each chapter is a different character in the book. Starks: Bran, Sansa, Ayra, Eddard, Catelyn, JonOthers: Tyrion, Daenerys, [[who am I missing?]]My favorite chapters were Daenerys, Ayra, Jon, and Bran. (not in that order)Book is about lords, kings, knights, etc. The Starks are a family in the North (castle=Winterfell; sword=Ice, motto=Winter is Coming). The father Lord Eddard is practically...more
p1145
aVAt first, I vowed not to read Game of Thrones because of my unabashed infatuation of the HBO series. I\u005cu2019m a firm believer in reading the book first but, when I spotted the title on a shelf at Barnes and Noble for less than 10 bucks, my resolve weakened and I couldn\u005cu2019t help adding it to my stack at the checkout.It\u005cu2019s a little eerie how accurately HBO recreated George R. R. Martin\u005cu2019s. While I was reading, every page called attention to HBO\u005cu2019s uncanny ability to bring larger than life stories to the sma...more
p1146
aVWith all the hype of the TV series coming out I finally plunged into the books. No I haven't seen the TV series yet and having read Book 1 I have pre-ordered the DVD of Season One just to see how they have made this visually come to life.  George R R Martin has created such a rich fantasy world of landscapes and settings I want to see if the cinematographers and props departments have really done them justice - all the people i trust say they have!However back to the reason I read books - the plo...more
p1147
aVOkay, I get it now. This is true epic fantasy, on a par with Tolkien. The chapters are narrated by a handful of major characters, so while that leads to some cliff hangers, it also leads to a fuller understanding of the plot lines. We get to see the action from several perspectives. As far as the characters go, Martin is a master. Each character (at least the main ones we spend time with--Lord Eddard Stark; his wife, Catelyn; their children Bran, Arya, Sansa, Robb; Lord Stark's bastard Jon; Tyri...more
p1148
aVAs I read through some of the Goodreads reviews I learn several things; George R.R. Martin - you either love him or you hate him; 835 pages - the longer the book the longer the reviews; (Don't worry, I will resist). Passion - there are not more passionate reviewers than those who are passionate about the fantasy genre. So Serious! So Opinionated! So long-winded! I like it!So, I finally read and liked this book that has been on my to-read list for about 10 years now. I have to admit that I became...more
p1149
aVThis won't be my usual review where I give a synopsis of the story and then give my opinions on what happened. Since too many have yet to read this amazing series, I don't wish to give anything away and must implore all of you to read this fine example of great American literature.Normally I do not like the Fantasy genre. Too much reliance on magic, on an indestructible hero, an incompetent villain and by the end nothing ever changes everything goes back to status quo. This is oddly enough also...more
p1150
aVI was surprised by how much I liked this book.  It did take me a while to get into it, part of it was made harder because I chose to listen to the book instead of reading it.  Sometimes this makes it harder to figure out the characters as you don\u005cu2019t see the names over and over and this book had a very large cast of characters.I both loved and hated the change of view with the characters.  I loved it because I got to see what was happening to each one.  I hated it because it seemed like just when I wa...more
p1151
aVWell no one would fault GRRM for lacking ambition.  After finishing this tome, I'm wondering if this was designated High Fantasy simply because no one else knew where to file it.  The book reads like a fictional battle between warring Middle Age kingdoms rather than a sword-and-sorcery tale.  By my count, there are more zombies (2) then spells cast (1) in the entire novel!Having said that, it's quite a book.  Well-written and paced, full of intrigue and surprises, and barely hinting at what is sure...more
p1152
aVI picked up Game of Thrones because I enjoyed the HBO series, which is a fairly faithful rendition of the novel. I'm not normally a person who reads in the fantasy literature genre, but the book seems to follow all the tropes you would expect. There is a lot of talk about war--and the literal saber rattling does get old.  However,  I thought the device of telling the story from many different perspectives was a good idea, as it broke up the main plot and kept the action from dragging too much.  The...more
p1153
aVActually, I'm re-reading. I'd forgotten how good it was. With the TV series coming out I thought I'd come back to the book. I don't usually care for heroic fantasy, having adored Lord of The Rings and found too many books that try to imitate it. Give me a light fantasy like Terry Pratchett's, urban fantasy like Charles De Lint's or good hard SF any time! But this was a wonderful bit of world-building. Because I do love historical fiction I appreciated the way the author has brought us the late M...more
p1154
aVHmmm, wish I could have given 3.5 stars, but gave four because I really wanted to finish the book to find out what happens. I read it on my kindle, so I had no idea how long the book is.  Abbi accidentally bought it on amazon, so I figured I might try reading it because I had heard people mention that the HBO series was pretty good (not that I take much stock in tv shows that HBO produces).It is full of political intrigue and has lots of plot threads that don't always come together.  My biggest co...more
p1155
aVYou know what you\u005cu2019re doing when you crack \u005cu201cA Game of Thrones\u005cu201d open. It\u005cu2019s not immediately clear whether this 900-page doorstop is a novel or some kind of nerd alumni directory, a brick of cramped text and odd spellings of common names (Alyn, for example, and Jeyne). The world of Westeros created by George R.R. Martin is a recast of medieval Europe, a world of lords and ladies where \u005cu2018y\u005cu2019 is always a vowel. So you know what you\u005cu2019re getting into. The cover, a typical mass market edition of bubbled foi...more
p1156
aVMy husband urged me to read this book and start the series. I wasn't at all sure about it at first and took me a while to get into it. I honestly think it's more of a man's book... Like a man wouldn't really want to read Bridget Jones Diary, but it's still good.Anyhow, yeah after getting into it, it's really, really good! It surprised me and I highly recommend to anyone, YA/Adult. I like how the chapters are divided up into 9-10 pages and it keeps you bouncing from each character... Wow! A cell...more
p1157
aVThat book was like a giant bag of potato chips. Not nourishing, but a salty crunchy thrill in every chapter after page 100, and I kept reading til it was all gone!I thought I would be comparing it to Lord of the Rings, but it's more like the Historical Bodice-Rippers I devoured in middle school... epic canvas, medieval/exotic locations, huge cast of vivid but 2-dimensional characters, fast-moving action, fetish-y leather and armor, and BDSM sex (in addition to all the actual rape of nameless wen...more
p1158
aVThis was pretty good. Martin has an amazing gift for creating deeply realistic historical fantasy. The writing is good, though most of the action is described in passing or exposition in dialog, which some might fight a little dull. It more than makes up for this with strongly woven characters with complex personalities and relationships. Even the worst of them are identifiable, and the best of them have flaws and shortcoming that make them intimately human. It's easy to get lost in the words an...more
p1159
aVThis is a great book!  I love the depth of the characters.  The beginning might be a little confusing because each chapter is told from the point of view of a character, so getting all the names straight and their relationships to one another takes time.  But once you figure it out, you'll find that the characters are incredibly fleshed out and there is true depth.  Something else I really liked was that the characters were somewhat realistic.  No one is completely evil or completely good, and it's a...more
p1160
aVI'm not adverse to a massive doorstop of a novel. Peter F Hamilton, Stephen King, Frank Herbert have all written huge books that I have not only read but re-read numerous times. When it comes to A Game of Thrones by George R. R. Martin things are just slightly different. I have been promising myself that I would read the first book in the A Song of Ice and Fire saga for a long time. So long in fact that it became something of a personal Moby Dick, my literary equivalent of a great white whale. I...more
p1161
aV(Original review here: http://drying-ink.blogspot.com/2009/0... - with more of my essential fantasy reads!)Every fantasy reader knows George R.R. Martin (although not often literally!), and for good reason: A Song of Ice and Fire is the premier political fantasy in SFF. Intrigue, a huge selection of viewpoint characters, and selective use of a "soft" magic system combine to make A Game of Thrones one of the century's essential reads. Be warned, though - Martin is brutal. Be prepared for your fav...more
p1162
aVI am not much of a fantasy-reader, I admit. I gave Lord of the Rings a good solid try but despite my preference for books that can double as doorstops, I gave up on the series about halfway through The Return of the King (and admittedly, got in the habit of skipping through every round of singing in all of the books).  So, although the series looked promising, I wasn't sure I would be able to get through Game of Thrones.  Luckily, I was wrong (so far).Game of Thrones has the feel of a good histori...more
p1163
aVThis was a re-reading for me; I first picked it up ten years ago, missed half the nuances (and three-quarters of the names) and promptly forgot about it.  This time around was different.  First off, never before have I wanted to slap so many characters in one book before.  For naivete, greed, cruelty, or really really bad parenting.  This is a good thing, actually--I was definitely affected by the events and the people in the story.The characters often felt more like archetypes rather than individua...more
p1164
aVYou know how you have friends who get really enthusiastic about a book and tell you that you just HAVE to read it? I had a friend do that with A Game of Thrones. I figured it would be okay, since I liked some other books by George RR Martin ... I am also looking forward to the upcoming HBO series, and figured, what could it hurt ... knowing the story before the show begins?What I didn't take into account was that I was starting to climb a literary Everest ... the first of a series of huge books....more
p1165
aVI did not finish this book, a good 100 pages left to finish it and I stopped caring for the characters any or all of them to be exact. I don't think its fair to write a review without fully reading the book, but I will do a brief sketch just to get it off my mind.The settings of the tale reminds one of England of the old : Kings and their associated entourage, Powerful scheming women in the court and bed of his highness, Knights, Men both honorable and vile, assassins, sorcerer's and in short al...more
p1166
aVGeorge R.R. Martin has done a devious thing in this book (and probably the whole series): he makes you care about his characters, and then he makes it clear that none of them are safe.  Any one of them could die, no matter how central to the plot.  I both dread and can't wait to read the rest of the books, and I'm already worried that the TV series won't do it justice.  Basically, this book is what I thought Robert Jordan's Wheel of Time books were, before I realized they were poorly written and se...more
p1167
aVFun Facts!# of times the word 'bunghole' was used: 2# of times the phrase 'Valyrian steel' was used: too fucking many(Although you could argue that using the word bunghole once is too many times.)This book is pure trashy gossip. Don't get me wrong, if you look through my books you know what I love most is trashy trashy bullshit. However this book had to go and be an a-hole about it and put a suit and tie on and try to classy it up. Getting a hooker dressed up and taking her out to drinks first i...more
p1168
aVThis book is long, so a commitment must be made in advance.  In addition, there are a LOT of characters, so I found myself only slightly invested for the first 100 pages or so, because although the story was interesting, I didn't feel like I really knew anyone.  However, I got sucked in, as Jason - who lent me the book (thanks!) - promised I would.  The book was solid entertainment with lots of intrigue woven together with strong characters (even with so many of them) and it rather irritatingly, bu...more
p1169
aVWow. I almost never like high-fantasy epics of m'lady courtliness, plus (ho hum) spooky old darkness, plus swords forged someplace awesomely dread of some kind of dreadly steel, plus, oh, dragons and prophecy and kitchen-sink Tolkien. Now I know why I'm so dismissive of that stuff - it always falls short. This book does not. The copy I have looks like any other pulpy doorstopper you might buy in a pinch at a drugstore before heading to jury duty, and yet I stayed up quite late reading and agains...more
p1170
aVA Game of Thrones is the first novel in George R.R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire fantasy series.  Martin's writing is undoubtedly a departure from the common conceptions many hold about the fantasy genre.  While this novel certainly has its share of mysticism and surrealism, the majority of the plot seems to take its cues more from medieval intrigues than J.R.R. Tolkien.  Martin's world (Westeros) is a dark one, similar to that of historical Europe.  None of his characters are without their flaws...more
p1171
aVForget everything you know about fantasy literature.  Forget elves and dwarves and sorcerers flinging spells.  Forget grand quests, dark lords, and shining paragons of heroism.Winter is comingThe first part of George R.R. Martin's epic "Song of Ice and Fire" series, A Game of Thrones is nothing like any other work in the genre of high fantasy.  This isn't a world of wizened wizards and humble hobbits, this isn't a world where starlit hopes shine out against the beacon of evil.  This is a dark, bruta...more
p1172
aVA coworker of mine lent this book to me claiming it was really good and that I would like it. I had heard of the show and while I have never watched it before I will probably now check it out. It was a good story. I won't say I liked it a lot or as a favorite, but I did enjoy it. There is so much to the story and so many characters and plot lines, I don't think I can make a very good synopsis of the story. So instead I will pick out a few choice aspects of the story I will say a few snippets abo...more
p1173
aVWhile I had previously watched Season 1 and Season 2 of Game of Thrones, the book was definitely still worth reading and I plan to read the rest in the series.As always, there are things that cannot be presented to the viewer through a film and a show, the books were much deeper. However, they also felt much... I'm not sure what the word would be, but there was writing that didn't necessarily have to be there, it didn't add anything to the story rather than make it more perverted.The strengths o...more
p1174
aVEstoy muy conforme con la lectura del libro... una que otra vez juega una mala pasada la memoria por culpa de tantos personajes presentes, me confund\u005cu00ed m\u005cu00e1s de una vez.Adem\u005cu00e1s estoy muy impresionada por la narraci\u005cu00f3n. Hay muchos relatos paralelos y eso hace muy atractiva la narraci\u005cu00f3n, por ejemplo tenemos la historia de Daenerys, la historia del muro y m\u005cu00e1s all\u005cu00e1 del muro con la Guardia de la Noche, las peleas por el trono. Otra cosa que me gust\u005cu00f3 mucho es que no me pareci\u005cu00f3 una historia predecible para...more
p1175
aVSpoilersWhat's it about: Kings, queens, thrones, sex, rapists, lords and ladies, princes, princesses, heirs, whores, treason, wolves, dragons, incest, twincest, honour, seed, death, sodomy, bastards, swords, jousting, daddy issues, mummy issues, brothels, betrayal, intrigue, murder, war, white walkers and winter. I think that covers it all.The first half was rather slow and for the most part boring but I guess that could be forgiven considering the large cast of characters and the need to set th...more
p1176
aVAlright.  So here's the thing.  These books are freaking AMAZING.I don't care if you don't like fantasy books, I don't care if you watched an episode or two of the show and got lost, and I most certainly don't care what you've heard about other poor reviews.George R. R. Martin is a beast.  I've read the series twice (in one year, no less) so far, and I can't wait to read them again.  You immediately fall in love with some of the characters (cue Jon Snow **swoon**), immediately hate some of them with...more
p1177
aVAbsolutely incredible. I picked up this book after the first season had already aired, but I had not seen it, nor was I particularly interested in seeing it. I was simply trying to get into fantasy at the right angle and this book was the perfect way to go. Martin's books are massive tomes, and he uses his space wisely, making the reader love some characters and hate others while ultimately painting a picture of his fictionalized world. It's been said many times, but I'll say it again: this is n...more
p1178
aVAlthough I appreciate this form of writing, I'm usually not one for getting invested in a book this large or this style. It's a good thing our Dear old Mr Martin has such interesting, realistic and beautiful characters and such a vast and strong storyline that you can't help but find yourself being swept away by all of it ending with the result of wondering where your last week went to and then realising it was reading game of thrones any chance you got.Some of the characters were too much, and...more
p1179
aVI absolutely loved the entire Song of Ice and Fire saga.  I've read it through several times, and it never ceases to amaze me how well this fantasy series is written.  The only thing that really bothers me about his writing is how frequently he uses rape to get his point across that the bad guys are truly bad and the victims have been truly victimized.  I won't go into my rant here, as it's already been posted here: http://sarahthestoryteller.wordpress.....  The world is fully fleshed out, with gods...more
p1180
aVThey say a picture is worth a thousand words.... But "they" have never read the words of George R. R. Martin. His words are magic. With fifty, you can taste lemon cakes and wine on the tip of your tongue. With a hundred, you can feel snowflakes melting in your hair as you tell your brother goodbye.. With five hundred words, you can hear the tinkling of the bells in an uncut Dothraki braid as the Khal rides across a sea of grass... And with a thousand words, your couch becomes a destrier, your Ki...more
p1181
aVAnother book club read, so another book I would not have picked up off the shelf - despite shining reviews from friends in the bookstore biz. However I did immerse myself in the story and connect with the characters. I enjoyed guessing the truth behind each person's actions and thoughts - their motives and desires. Each chapter in this book changes the narrator between the characters which provides a well rounded view of events but does not prevent the reader from becoming attached to individual...more
p1182
aVMy head hurts...But in a good way, I think. I've been curious about "real" fantasy for a long time, because it seemed like so much fun, something to get really engrossed in. At the same time I was always scared off because there also seems to be so much total crap in this genre. Not more than in any other genre, probably, but at least in general fiction I more or less know my way around by now, and I have many reliable sources for great tips. So I'm glad for the Game of Thrones series, because I...more
p1183
aVFinished this book last night.  I'd watched season 1 of GoT on HBO and I loved it.  Thought that might ruin the book for me, but it did not.  The book is well written and fast moving.  There is an appendix at the end which describes the key players and major houses of the seven kingdoms in much the same way a baseball scorecard gives you the outlines of players, a "who's who" and a "who was who" if you will.  As you would expect, the book fleshes out the characters in much more detail than the HBO se...more
p1184
aVGame of Thrones is the first book in the Song of Ice and Fire series by George R R Martin. A long winter is coming and as the cold returns battles and tensions begin to brew and the fight for the throne begins. It is impossible to write a really short and concise summery of this book, there is just too much to cover. In a brief overview there is deception, fighting, the undead, and adventure. That was a terrible description but it\u005cu2019s the best I can do without writing way too much. I might as well...more
p1185
aVI watched the first season of the HBO series before I read the books.  I must give them credit for being so faithful to the books.  Generally, there is so much more going on behind the scenes in a book and sometimes big changes in plot lines, but while this book has an awful lot going on, most of it was portrayed in the series.  It is an easy read but almost unbearably long.  I found myself skimming at the end just to be done with it, probably because I already knew what happened.  Even so, I like th...more
p1186
aVLet me start by saying that I am positively allergic to high fantasy, so it took a lot to get me to even crack this book's covers. The whole medieval thing bores me to death, but with everyone talking about the TV show and Mr. George RailRoad Martin (am I the only one who thinks that's what the RR stands for?) coming to teach at Clarion West this summer, I figured it was worth at least trying to read. I mean, fifty million Elvis fans can't be wrong, right?If there had been elves or ogres or mage...more
p1187
aVGreat book, love the way George R.R. Martin manages to connect things and goes in the deep of so confusing case/investigation. I liked that every character has its personality, its flaws and its advantages. The only thing I didn't like was the amount of details, that made me want to quit reading GoT sometimes.
p1188
aVAn epic of monolithic proportions, George R.R. Martin's 'A Game of Thrones' is the perfect fusion of all things genre fiction dressed with a slight literary overtone. This is large scale adventure with a rich and vibrant cast of the likes I've never read and is as interesting and captivating as the headlines profess. I was apprehensive at first due to the large character count but Martin executes each POV so well that each sidebar interlocks and morphs into a single web-like tale born of blood a...more
p1189
aVThere's not much to say about this book except - Wow!Now, I bought these books for my husband in 2010 and wasn't worried about ever reading them myself, even though he loved them. But then last month I got to see the HBO series based on this book for the first time and was completely drawn in by the world and the characters. At that point, I couldn't wait to read the books and this first one certainly does not disappoint.This series is set in a complex world with a huge cast of characters all fi...more
p1190
aVThe Top Five Reasons Writers Love Game of Thrones1)\u005ctGeorge R. R. Martin is a writer\u005cu2019s writer.  He\u005cu2019s a genius at creating brilliant, intricate, richly textured characters who behave in unexpected and powerful ways.  From king to cart boy, this extravagant cast of players always surprises me.  They\u005cu2019re rarely all good or all bad\u005cu2014even the arch-villains of the piece, like ruthlessly ambitious Queen Cersei Lannister, who nonetheless loves and shelters her children\u005cu2014but fall somewhere on the spectrum in be...more
p1191
aVSo I completely loved this book and must continue the series. I haven't seen the entire TV series, but I've seen some episodes and there were some differences, but from what I saw, the show follows the book pretty well.I can't believe what happened to some of the characters. Some of them I really love and some of them I really hate. Most of the ones I hate are Lannisters. Except for Tyrion. I don't know how to feel about him. He's a really good character. A shame Catelyn had to fuck up and alien...more
p1192
aVI read this book as part of a group read.  Because of the popularity of this series, I decided to give it a try even though the length of the book was little long for a "see if I like it".  The beginning jumped right in with interesting enough action to make me think this might be better than I thought.  After the first chapter, things started to slow down and didn't entice me with the violence and crude behavior of some of the characters.  I almost put the book away because I know everyone likes di...more
p1193
aVA rambling, sprawling epic of a novel.  The first book in Martin's A Song of Fire and Ice series, "Game of Thrones" sets the foundation for a great romp through an ancient land, peopled with kings and lords, heroes and villains, wolves, dragons and even some unknown "others" that are sure to take a prominent position in the following books.  At 700 plus pages, this may seem like a chore to get through, but the tale is so engrossing that its really a fairly quick read.  There are a host of "main" ch...more
p1194
aV An excellent book! Martin's GoT and Jordan's WoT are the successors to Tolkein's legacy.  This book offers a complex array of characters and plots that are effortlessly woven together to create an epic tale.  I admit that I watched the first season of the series before reading this book, and found that the series follows the book very closely.  This made me eager to rewatch the series and to start the next book in order to find out what comes next.  Much like WoT, GoT emphasises the cyclical nature...more
p1195
aVWow! Normally I am wary of books that have a lot of media hype, but George R.R. Martin does not disappoint. He is definitely in league with Tolkien, and his characters captured my affections, my loathing, and my unfaltering attention for all 807 pages. I was expecting a little more magic and fantastical creatures; however, I liked how ... earthly Martin's book was. Too often I find fantasy writer's can overload us to the point of pure disbelief when it comes to magic and mystical creatures. It w...more
p1196
aVSo, I just finished A Game of Thrones, and find myself in the uncomfortable position of wanting to run out and tell everyone they absolutely must read this book I just read, but knowing they'll look at me and ask "where were you 10 years, five books and a miniseries ago?"Late to the party. Which I don't generally mind, but when you find a book that you absolutely love and want to become evangelical about, but everyone has already read it...it's a little disappointing. But on the other hand, I ha...more
p1197
aVMartin has intrigue and stunning plot twists down pat. Unfortunately, what he doesn't have is a handle on writing realistically complex characters (Tyrion Lannister being the exception) or, apparently, an editor. Die hard genre fans will (as should be obvious to anyone observing pop culture at this point) want to marry this book and have its babies..and then spend years plotting which lord or lady to whom they wish to marry them off in exchange for political gain for their fiefdom. Fans of corny...more
p1198
aV20% milestone:It starts with a greatly promising fantasy setup, but it immediately turns into an off-the-mill character drama, a genre that I hate. It feels like reading Noah Gordon or similar, just in some medieval time frame. I'm giving it some leeway to see if the fantasy comes back to the rescue, since the writing is really good for the genre...100% milestone:A bit cliche-y for my tastes, but getting better. Still, I just think this is simply not my genre, although more dragons and magic cou...more
p1199
aVThere's already a lot of reviews to tell you what Game of Thrones is about, so I'm not going to repeat all that.I just want to say that I really enjoyed this book.I loved all the charachters, liked all the adventure and suspence that was incorporated in the story and the bit of humor.Up to the next book in the series cause I can't wait what happens to all the characters and in particular Daenerys Targaryen.
p1200
aVAwesome work of "real fantasy", but not a diamond without cracks. Although the switching of character's point of view helps the reader understand the bigger plot, it is done forcefully, often leaving the reader wandering what's next for a hundred pages (as is the case with Daenerys). On the other hand, the world is shown in it's pureness, without the exaggerations of "high fantasy" - but with strong message that nobility and honor also comes with stupidity, which was unnecessary and is detriment...more
p1201
aVI would like to introduce a formula that might help grade a book like this:  compellingness of story+likeability of characters/ length+misogyny+overly detailed sexual referencesUnfortunately, on this scale, Game of Thrones doesn't score very high for me.  This felt like such a MAN's fantasy novel- there's no gentleness in it.  He has terrible things happening to little kids all the time, and not in a good 'Hunger Games' sort of way either.  It's full of cheerful prostitutes and women eating berries...more
p1202
aVIve finished it. Whew! I really enjoyed the way the story builds singularly with each character. I haven't gone for a five because I wanted to read more about my favorite characters and missed that.  Maybe the next in the series will pacify my curiosity. Also it took a while getting used to the notion that the characters were not going to grow up; at least not in this book. It's a great read for fantasy lovers and the end was definitely unexpected.  Try it. I couldn't sleep coz I thought I didn't...more
p1203
aVI\u005cu2019ll admit it- I hadn\u005cu2019t heard of George R. R. Martin\u005cu2019s 1996 novel A Game of Thrones until just a few months ago. I read a New Yorker piece on Martin and the way he seriously pisses off some fans with publishing delays and the like, and just a few weeks later I heard of the HBO series adaptation in production, starring Sean Bean. I read a good amount of fantasy when I was younger, but it had been a while since I gave an epic fantasy series a shot. Everything started to feel like Tolkien, and I go...more
p1204
aVLet it never be said that George R. R. Martin was one for conventions: His A Game of Thrones argues vehemently that Tolkien had it wrong the whole time.  There are no elven fair folk; Gandalf has been dead for years; dwarves are not ancient mountain folk, but a singular midget with an iron wit and a tongue to match.  The tone is blunt as a bloody stick\u005cu2014some of our heroes are more concerned with whores than their royal stations.  Following the lives of eight such heroes, pieces on the board of the t...more
p1205
aVFor its genre, Game of Thrones is a terrific read, with some of the most memorable characters I've encountered in a long while, and an epic scale and depth comparable to that of Tolkien. Pitting the ambitious and wealthy Lannisters against the honorable House of Stark (among numerous other clans and subplots) the novel blends the harsh northern light of a saga with the ethereal jewel tones of fantasy and the iron clang of a war novel. I first heard of the book through the HBO series. Thus, I kne...more
p1206
aVHave never been overly hot for the fantasy genre, so it's amazing that I got even halfway through this.After much impassioned pestering from a good, long time friend to start this series and the hype surrounding the TV show from it and the release of the fifth in the series I decided to take it up.I found it to be initially hard to start (again, maybe my prejudice at work), but once I was a few chapters in I was hooked. Things I liked: interesting characters, even though many of the family lines...more
p1207
aVI love reading about politics and intrigue, especially in fantasy, since there seems to be so little of it well written. And this is all those things. Fantasy. Well written. With politics and intrigue. Although, I like the somewhat realistic touch I wouldn't have minded a little more wonder and romance thrown into the mix. The unlikeliness of a romantic happily ever after for any of the main characters is not the reason for reduction of one star from a five star novel, however. The reason is...T...more
p1208
aVIn 2003, my 17-year-old son was going off to a week of camp, and he urged me to start reading a series of fantasy books he loved. The next one is coming out soon, he said, you should read these so we can both read the new one and talk about it! Soon I was deep in a world of wights and direwolves and vaguely medieval  men and women living in a feudal system and a complex religious landscape and even dragons. I came to love the Stark family, fiercely, and to grieve at the ways life tore them apart....more
p1209
aVA few weeks ago, my cousin Joe and I were both trying to decide what to read next, and he suggested that we read another book together, a bit like our own private book club if you will. We had just finished reading The Wise Man\u005cu2019s Fear, by Patrick Rothfuss and really enjoyed having someone else that we could talk to about the book. As HBO was about to begin showing A Game of Thrones, we decided that was it! And so we both delved into George R. R. Martin\u005cu2019s masterpiece, A Song of Ice and Fire. This...more
p1210
aVA Game of Thrones is book one of the series "A Song of Ice and Fire", and I think it is an excellent epic fantasy story.  I thoroughly enjoyed the plots and subplots that touch on honor, duty, love, mysticism, political intrigue, mystery, sword fighting, and more!I applaud the author's style where each chapter is told from a different point of view.  The story builds to the point of climax, and then ebbs back down as we switch to the next point of view.  There are certain characters that I really e...more
p1211
aVThis book is going to be hard to review since I have ambivalent feelings towards this book.  On one side, there are plenty of things that make this an enjoyable read, while other factors leave me with feelings of disappointment.  I was thoroughly entertained and, what\u005cu2019s important to me, pulled into the world George R. R. Martin was writing.  I'm into in the series now, and so far there is nothing that is going to make me put down the series.First on the list of things that I didn\u005cu2019t care for so much...more
p1212
aV4.5 stars. This book is a war of the roses style tale of several power hungry people scheming for the throne of the Seven Kingdoms, while the Stark family finds itself caught in the middle and torn apart because of this. I didn't expect to love this so much. Yes, it's wildly popular, but I also heard it was boring. However, I was immediately drawn in to the story, right from the first chapter. I really like the storytelling style of GRRM. The story is told through the POV of several characters,...more
p1213
aVLet me start with the fact that I would have NEVER picked up this book from the shelf on my own. But of boy am I glad I read it. This is an excellent 6 out of 5 star book. And I don't say that about many books. And I've read many.I was very skeptical at first. It was too long. I have no patience with authors who like to stretch too thin yet say nothing or say it poorly. 500 pages are enough to make a point and that's my rule. If you're going to make it longer you'd better make it worth while. A...more
p1214
aVLet me start by saying, I do not follow the HBO series... as I do not have HBO. I went into this relatively pure (I may not get the channel, but i'm not culturaly blind). Being a lover of historical fiction and fantasy, I figured "A Game of Thrones" would be right up my alley; I was right. My review is actually 4.5/5 but considering the rating system is based on whole numbers, I rounded up. I loved the story being developed through different points of view. It was written like scenes in a movie...more
p1215
aVI struggled with the way women are treated in this especially to begin with, there's a lot of talk about brothels and raping and a general attitude of women being inferior to men but I still found myself engaged by the actual story and wanting to know what happened next with each character. I found that later in the books, the female characters did begin to fight this stereotype and not all characters were as misogynistic though it's still pretty awful.I've always enjoyed books with a lot of det...more
p1216
aVA good first start to the series. I like the way the story advances from the viewpoint of different characters, which gives a sense of a certain "objectivity" and actually makes you wonder who the real "good guys" and "bad guys" are. After a while, you realise his is not the type of book where things are not black and white... Seemingly good characters do bad things, and characters you would identify right off af "bad" finally turn out to be extremely helpful. One weakness though: the sex and th...more
p1217
aVLe\u005cufffd\u005cufffd este libro porque no dejaban de insistirme para que lo hiciera. El g\u005cufffd\u005cufffdnero de fantas\u005cufffd\u005cufffda \u005cufffd\u005cufffdpica no es precisamente uno de mis favoritos y por eso no me hab\u005cufffd\u005cufffda llamado la atenci\u005cufffd\u005cufffdn lo suficiente como para darle una oportunidad por m\u005cufffd\u005cufffd misma. Creo que El Se\u005cufffd\u005cufffdor de los Anillos es el \u005cufffd\u005cufffdnico libro del g\u005cufffd\u005cufffdnero que me gusta mucho, y supongo que porque podr\u005cufffd\u005cufffda calificarse de obra maestra.Juego de Tronos es entretenido y est\u005cufffd\u005cufffd bien escrito, y comprendo que se haya convertido en el fen\u005cufffd\u005cufffdmeno que es. S...more
p1218
aVI'd give this 3.5 stars if I could, but I guess it's marginally closer to 4 than 3.Overall, I enjoyed this book, I thought the story was good, and I particularly liked the structure: the chapters are unnumbered but instead named after one of the characters (hence many chapters have the same name) and the entire chapter is then told from that person's viewpoint (always the 3rd person). This allows quite naturally for the reader to follow the various storylines, and is well used, as you would expe...more
p1219
aVThis is probably more a set of observations about the first four books in the series, rather than a review of one book or another.  George R.R. Martin's monumental A Song of Ice and Fire (ASoIaF) fantasy saga is pretty darned good.  This is hard-boiled fantasy fiction that has nothing to do with elves, goblins, dwarves, and damned little in the way of magic (there is a little bit, mind you).  Nope, this is gritty and gory stuff that is much more akin to bloody wars that brought wrack and ruin to Eu...more
p1220
aVI tend to read books in the space of a few days, so I wasn't sure whether the fact that it took me 9 days to read this was good or bad, though I think it was a good thing. This book is utterly incredible. It's so magnificently enthralling that I find it so hard to believe that the story is fictional. Everything is described down to the last detail, and though that can be at times mundane, it works so well in this book, and I think that's something that's very important in epic fantasy novels lik...more
p1221
aVI'd been avoiding these books for two big reasons. The first being that they're super hyped right now, being popular themselves and then the added popularity of the show. It's been my experience that over-hyped things don't always live up to that hype, and I was worried that this would be the case.The other reason is that, in all honesty, I don't read nearly as much as I ought to. I'm also pretty easily distracted, especially while doing a quiet, still activity like reading. Because of that, I t...more
p1222
aVMasterful. That is the first word that comes to mind when reading this book. I know I'm getting into the game( pardon the pun) a little late, but this book certainly live us to the hype. Upon asking about the series I was told by many different people that A. This book had a lot of characters and B. They drop like flies. While there are a lot of characters, there is an appendix in the back of the various families in the series which is quite helpful, and the constant flux of perspective gives li...more
p1223
aVI had really never heard of Game of Thrones or George R.R. Martin, but then it's like he just exploded.  The books and the tv series seemed to be everywhere, as well as a lot of devoted fans.  Where had I been to miss this?So I get a boxed set for birthday or Christmas, but still it sat for some time before I began reading.  This book started off slowly, but built some steam and ended with quite the rush.  I'm glad I stuck through it and am looking forward to reading the rest.There is a breadth of m...more
p1224
aVThis review is very complicated for me. To be completely honest, my personal enjoyment of this book was a 3 out of 5 stars. I usually consider myself a Tolkien kind of reader, I love the details in novels and become very geeky about it, but somehow this book didn\u005cu2019t make me feel this way. I was very surprised about that, especially considering how popular this book is amongst \u005cu201chigh fantasy\u005cu201d readers.I have to give a 5 out of 5 starts for the world and character building within this book. The world...more
p1225
aV(Review may contain a mild spoiler.)When I first read A Game of Thrones, many years ago now, I loved it. It was, as the friend who had introduced me to the book described, the sort of fantasy I wanted to write. The world-building is great, the story is compelling, many of the characters are really excellent. The problem is that the writing is really, really terrible.I say this having given this book four stars. So perhaps I should qualify: the writing style in AGoT is not yet as frustrating here...more
p1226
aVan epic, expansive novel (the first of... how many?) with densely interwoven arcs and characters.  lots of characters.  hundreds of characters.  good thing there are cheat sheets in the appendix!  when they killed the poor direwolf, Lady, i knew George RR would be knocking off favorite character right and left.  but you know, then it's more like real life would have been in medieval times.  but oh, this is a completely different planet or something, or at least another age of man when the summers and...more
p1227
aVI've watched the two seasons on HBO's "Game of Thrones", and it was great to read this novel and get more of the back story of the characters.  I'm looking forward to venturing further into the "A Song of Ice and Fire" series.I'm sure volumes of comments have been made on this book, so I'll only add one thing I found curious.  This is probably the only novel I've read with two parallel stories that have almost no connection.  The main story concerns the fight for the throne of the Seven Kingdoms, b...more
p1228
aVHBO's TV Series is what introduced and inspired me to read the book. With Season 3 airing next year, reading the rest of the books in this series would be a great way to find the answers to some nagging questions I have while watching the show. So, I've put A Song of Ice and Fire in my list of "must-read series". I usually love books better than film adaptations. Take Harry Potter for instance. Yet, in this case, I liked the TV Series better.I don't think Game of Thrones is a bad read, but I did...more
p1229
aVI do not consider myself a fan of the fantasy genre. That being said, I really enjoyed A Game of Thrones. I started reading the novel ahead of watching the HBO adaptation. It took me about 80 pages to really get into the novel, but I'd argue that Martin takes about 80 pages to really get going (and when your book is going to be 800 pages long, why not?). There's a lot of set up and exposition to get out of the way -- not to mention the dozens of characters to introduce. In the show, I felt that...more
p1230
aVSo I finally read this, mostly thanks to my very persuasive brother and some hilarious recaps of the TV series I've been following. I wasn't sure how much I'd like it. The length was a bit intimidating, and my brother and I don't exactly share the same tastes in fantasy books. (he loves LOTR, I got about 50 pages into the Two Towers before giving up for good) Still, I figured I'd give this book a try, and was promptly sucked in. The constantly switching points-of-view definitely made the story g...more
p1231
aVI enjoyed getting wrapped up in the elaborate, detailed world George Martin weaves in Game of Thrones.  It look a lot of work to keep everything straight, though!  I've never read a book with so many main characters!  But I liked the multiple plot lines and they way they would collide throughout the book.  Finishing the first book I feel so immersed and involved in the story, I very much want to know what happens next ... on to Clash of Kings!A few quotations:Tyrion Lannister (who may be my favorite...more
p1232
aVExcellent! While I'm certainly no fantasy buff, George R.R. Martin is surely going to be a long-lasting and influential author within the genre. The first book in his epic series, "A Song of Ice and Fire," is masterful. The characters are well-rounded, engaging, and force you to love them or hate them. The way Martin is able to interweave the massively political and the intimately personal through only certain character's limited points of view is particularly impressive. Disclaimer: Martin's go...more
p1233
aVExcellent book. Almost "Pillars of the Earth" good but not quite. I was sorry to see Ned go but I know the story has only begun. We have 2 (soon to be 4) kings clashing and now some stuff is jumping off on the other side of the wall. Ooooweee! What will happen next?! I'm caught up in the Song of Ice and Fire and now I too want to play the Game of Thrones...I now pronounce myself Queen of the Midwest!
p1234
aVI don't usually read this sort of fiction, although I did read the Eragon series a couple of years ago. I couldn't believe how a book that was essentially politics and war (not a great deal of fantasy creatures, although it's set in a world where they do exist or have existed) could be told in such a fascinating way. The way that the story was told from each character's point of view was a really good move on the author's part as it made me identify with each person and become familiar with thei...more
p1235
aVI'm painfully bad at writing positive reviews, it seems. Journal 64 was difficult to review and I really liked it. 7.a was negative and that went well. This, once again, is difficult, because how can I possibly express how brilliant I feel this book is?Well, first things first, let's talk about writing. I'm not normally too keen on detailed descriptions but dammit if they don't work for Martin. The scene is set so vividly, I feel I've been to Westeros myself. The characters are the most engangin...more
p1236
aVI have to ruefully admit that I saw the HBO show before I read this book. I am a big fan of historical fiction, and fantasy is oftentimes too intangible for me, because I am such a realist. Well, actually I have greatly enjoyed Anne Rice's Mayfair Witches series, AND Terry Pratchett's Disc World novels, so I guess there is a part of me that does appreciate fantasy, but it has to be either completely absurd (Pratchett), or just the right mix of "historically" rich and so seemingly possible and cl...more
p1237
aVThis fantasy novel about political intrigues is fascinating. Written from the point-of-view of multiple characters, this book is engaging, suspenseful, and best of all, easy to relate to, for most, if not all, of the characters are flawed but likable. The story is told mainly from the perspective of the Starks, who commanded the northern territories of the kingdom, and the trials and struggles they went through in a brutal game of thrones. To add to the complications of human politics, something...more
p1238
aVI'm mixed on the book. I will say though, that I liked it enough to know that I am definitely going to continue with the series. I guess what has me mixed is this: I love how its a fantasy story without all the fantasy "Stuff," at the same time I was kind of hoping it was filled with all that too.George R.R. Martin actually adds the right amount of fantasy to keep the story pretty realistic and at the same time still keep the fantasy aspect there.He is also VERY good at making sure you hate the...more
p1239
aVThe first book in \u005cu201cA Song of Ice and Fire\u005cu201d series is a worthy read, but be prepared to be in it for the long haul. It\u005cu2019s definitely different from the epic fantasy I\u005cu2019ve read. There isn\u005cu2019t a true hero, which means there isn\u005cu2019t a true villain. There aren\u005cu2019t many fantastical or magical elements. There isn\u005cu2019t a huge quest to defeat evil and so on and so forth.  However, there are some excellent parts to this book along with some really annoying parts in turn.First, let\u005cu2019s look at the plot. The overarching...more
p1240
aVI thought I hadn't finished this previously, but I guess I must have. I received this for Christmas 2008, and I must have read all of it then, since the ending was familiar to me. I initially dismissed the entire series, not having any familiarity with it and begin turned off by the sex and violence (ironic that my mom gave it to me). These days, however, with the new HBO TV show, and many of my friends talking about Book 5, I felt I should give it another chance.My favorite characters are the o...more
p1241
aVI\u005cu2019m still trying to figure out if I liked this book or not.    I certainly liked aspects of it, but not the entire thing as a whole.First, this book is big.  Big books themselves don\u005cu2019t scare me.  In fact, I quite enjoy them, if the story pulls me in and thrills me, or engrosses me, or makes me want to just keep reading into the wee hours of the night.   Unfortunately, this book didn\u005cu2019t do that.   Instead, I read and read and read \u005cu2013 and then took a peek and realized I\u005cu2019d hardly made a dent, and worse, that...more
p1242
aV3.5 stars. If I were to rate the last 1/2 of the book, it would get a solid 4 stars. It just took me a bit to get into the plot and digest all the story-lines with in, so on that note I downgraded the score .5. Once things got rolling I was hooked, and I've found myself thoroughly invested into the fate of the Starks.  The way the chapters were made up was both a positive and a negative for me. I loved that each chapter was a different person and their story from their eyes told in first person....more
p1243
aVI picked this up in anticipation of catching the new HBO series when it hits DVD. I wouldn't say I really love the fantasy genre, I dragged my way through Lord of the Rings. I would say this book was better but it took a while to get there. There is so much back story that you have to wade through to get the meat of the plot. If you are committed you can get there but it takes a lot of effort to get everything straight. I think it did not take off for me until around page 400 and the last 100 pa...more
p1244
aVFrom my blog: http://serialdistractions.com/2011/07...A Game of Thrones (A Song of Ice and Fire : Book 1) by George R. R. Martin (1996, 2005) : 9780553588484 (Spectra)In a harsh land, governed by people and traditions hardened by time and circumstance, dynastic families vie for control of a kingdom.  Ancient terrors stir in the northern wastes with only a forgotten brotherhood of warriors standing in its path. A deposed king-in-exile waits for his chance at vengeance across the sea, gathering a h...more
p1245
aVBest damn book i've read in ages. It reads like a Cohen Bros. film set in medeival times. You never know what surprise (or shock) is waiting for you on the next page. Well drawn out characters who live in a hard land where power is based not only how well you handle the steel, but also on how coniving you can be at politics.  I really hope the rest of the series holds up like this one does.On a side note, I do have to thank HBO for introducing me to this particular author and book, because of the...more
p1246
aVLet's just address this right off the bat: You can't have winters work that way, Mr. Martin. It wouldn't resemble any ecosystem on a Earth-like planet. Species would have developed radically different if winters could last years at a time. I get that it's a dramatic idea, but humans with this level of technological advancement would just up and die after the first couple years of endless cold. Call me a pessimist if you must.I enjoyed this book, but I honestly feel a little dumber having complet...more
p1247
aVThis is an amazing, epic book.  Although it is over 800 pages long, I tore through it at an amazing pace, during my busiest week of the year.  I was not a big fan of the fantasy genre, but decided to read the book due to a mention by Robert Crais, who writes detective novels!  I'm glad that I did.  I would describe this book as "Lord of the Rings" meets "Dune" meets "The Pillars of the Earth".The book is elegantly written, and is sweeping in its scope.  Although the book is part of a genre, the autho...more
p1248
aVFantasy really doesn't get much better than this. This was a reread for me, because it's been so long since I originally read the series and I wanted the story the story to be fresh in my head before the HBO series starts. I was once again blown away by the scope of what Martin has achieved here. It's the Russian novel of fantasy literature, with a gazillion characters, far too many of whom have similar names. And yet, each one is so defined and so well-drawn that I have no problem picturing the...more
p1249
aVWhat a blast.  I know a ton of folks who, over the course of the last five years or so, have gotten into these books.  I kept saying, eh, you know, I'm not really that into fantasy.  By which I really meant, "eh, I think you're kind of dorky for reading this."  In truth, I hadn't really read much fantasy except Tolkien and Lewis.  Then about a year ago, Ginny read it and loved it.  So I had to act a little nicer about it.  Especially when she told me there wasn't any magic, and that all the characters...more
p1250
aVSo I'd give it 4 1/2 stars if I could, but I'll go ahead and round up to 5 because it's better than a "4 star" book in my opinion, which really isn't worth anything because I tend to like everything.  :P  Aaaanyway, I loved the book and I'm glad I finished it before the TV series starts in two days.  The biggest reason why I wouldn't give it 5 stars is the beginning of the book is just absurdly complicated.  I may go back and re-read the first 100 pages or so before Sunday night now that I have a be...more
p1251
aVA Game of Thrones (A Song of Ice and Fire #1)By:  George RR MartinISBN:  9780553588484Available formats:  Hardcover, Paperback, ebook, and AudiobookIn a land where summers can last decades and winters a lifetime, trouble is brewing. The cold is returning, and in the frozen wastes to the north of Winterfell, sinister and supernatural forces are massing beyond the kingdom\u005cu2019s protective wall. At the center of the conflict lie the Starks of Winterfell, a family as harsh and unyielding as the land they w...more
p1252
aVWriting a fantasy novel is basically begging to be compared to Tolkien - you're painting a big old target on your back. Now, I'm not the biggest Tolkien fan, despite falling squarely in the old coot's key demographic (males with sedentary lifestyles and, shall we say, a certain number of RPGs under my belt). That's not to say I don't appreciate Tolkien, I do, just in the same way that I appreciate Star Trek: The Next Generation. In fact, I have the same problem with both:They're completely sexle...more
p1253
aVI've got one word for this right now: WOW!It is extremely rare for me to shut a book after a stunning plot turn, but I did last night. I just had to pause.It is even rarer for me to want to flip a book over and read it again as soon as I've finished. I'm VERY tempted to do that with this.I also have a HUGE problem with how young some of the characters are - most especially the 13 year-old girl. It's unbelievable and at times mildly offensive. The author could have and should have made at least 2...more
p1254
aVA friend encouraged me to read this book, which, for the first 100 pages, I hated. But then, inexplicably, I started to get drawn in. I became hooked into the story, which is told from multiple people's perspectives. To the author's great credit, I felt that each one of the character's voices was distinct, their personalities unique. Although the story itself was somewhat confusing -- the lineages of the families and their relationships to each other practically need a PowerPoint presentation fo...more
p1255
aVA game of thrones was only the 2nd series I found that i couldn't put down...and that was after reading Magician. I must admit this was 7 years ago - however I found the plot kept me hanging, I enjoyed seeing the story told from all different points of view. I enjoyed the politics and trying to work out the different schemes. It had enough romance and fantasy to keep me hooked, and although there wer elots of battles, I found it gave me just enough and not too much.i'm surprised a lot of people...more
p1256
aVI have been reading the series 'A Song of Ice and Fire' by George R. R. Martin...About to complete the third installment..and ordered all the parts. Now, what I pray to god("the old gods and the new, or R'hollor or the sevens"..Inspired by the book)....Please don't let Mr. Martin die before completing the series. If i have to define the series..1. Its Colossal..ur imagination transcends infinity!!!2. U get intoxicated in such a way that...no milk of poppies or dreamwine could match!!3. The expla...more
p1257
aVLet me start by saying I have not watched any of the television series at all.  I will at some point, however.  I wanted to read at least some of the novels first. It took me a while to get into this novel; I was overwhelmed by the number of characters.  I was probably halfway through before I was even remotely comfortable with who was doing what.  Thank goodness for the list of characters in the back!  I referred to it often.  This is quite a novel.  A couple of times I did think about putting it down...more
p1258
aVI love this book . Unlike most books this book has a simple setting which lets the reader enjoy the story right from the beginning and the reader dose not have to trudge along trying to contemplate whether the setting is approbate and will just enjoy the book. I read this book not long ago but i have tackled a few others since the time of my completion therefore i can't really say whether certain events occur here or not but i say that from the 1st page this book had you in its grasp and really...more
p1259
aVThis is the kind of book that would make you want to break your head up against a wall, never stopping even once and repeating it till you have lost all sensation and also a part of your brain that got mucked up reading this piece of nonsensical bull-shit.The kind of book that would make you feel a burning anger within yourself and a helplessness both at the same time.Anger because you were stupid enough to start reading this book and helplessness because you are one of those people who cannot r...more
p1260
aVI have some incredible feelings about this book. In short, I found it very engaging due to the skillful writing and especially the extremely three dimensional characters. To be honest, I could never really get into sword and sorcery books with the exception of Tamora Pierce in my younger years. I like it, but I prefer to watch it. When everyone at work talked about this book, it did peek my interest and decided to give it a shot. Before I realized it, I was hooked. The funny part is the overall...more
p1261
aVObviously, everyone has been talking about this series for the last couple of years and I have finally gotten enough free time and motivation to give it a try. I opted to read it after re-reading The Fellowship of the Ring, to compare the two. I would say the dialogue in Martin's book is better than Tolkien--obviously less "epic" sounding, because Martin's style is less epic (characters are almost completely grey in his work--there is no black or white except in passing) .The descriptions of the...more
p1262
aVPros: A very entertaining book. It featured a wide variety of characters who had great depth. A few sex scenes scattered throughout are a bonus I suppose. Gore and death are described quite vividly whenever they occur.Cons: One or two characters became a bit dull around the 75% book-completion mark of the book. And around the 50% mark it became pretty easy to tell which characters were driving the book and which were just "fillers".Overall: When I was at 95% completion, I still wasn't absolutely...more
p1263
aVI don't normally go for fantasy that often, because I tend to find it long, boring, and horrifically pretentious. Not so with this novel. It's long, yes. But it doesn't let you go. Now I'm gonna have to continue the series - and start watching the show, of course.I have ideas about what would happen in the sequels - but I don't wanna mention them here. I could be proven completely wrong!
p1264
aVM\u005cu00e1s all\u005cu00e1 de su impacto medi\u005cu00e1tico, de sus miles de seguidores y de tantos y tantos elementos que condicionan la percepci\u005cu00f3n p\u005cu00fablica de esta obra... Pues no es para tanto. Si, la narraci\u005cu00f3n fragmentada desde diferentes puntos de vista; los personajes que manifiestan sus pasiones y pulsiones, retratados con mano firme; el avance de la historia con gran dinamismo; y otras m\u005cu00e1s son sus virtudes. Pero algo falla: la narraci\u005cu00f3n avanza de manera forzada debido fundamentalmente a los cambios de narrador, con...more
p1265
aVI actually began reading it in early June, and finished yesterday (7/27).Now I finally get the hype surrounding the series. The text is polished without being unapproachable, which I did not find to be the case with Tolkkien (maybe I should revisit his works now that I'm older). The multi-dimensional characters draw you in, and the political intrigue keeps you riled up. I'm looking forward to the rest of the series, but at the same time I feel like I need to take a non-fiction break for a minute...more
p1266
aVI would never pick up such a book. Just has never been my thing.  But enough taunting from my coworker plus a donated paperback on my desk and I couldn't say no.  It was great to joke about saying that I was in a committed relationship with this book and that while it was keeping me busy, I don't think I'm ready for a life time together.  At times I would say I was ready to break up, that there isn't enough of this or that.  The joke was fun but the book was a little much for me.  Many things were gr...more
p1267
aVThe greatest development in my life as a reader has been my decision to leave no genre unread. In my college-years and early 20s, I read mainly literary fiction. I didn't read science fiction or memoir or nonfiction or historical fiction. But thanks to books like The Sparrow, Running with Scissors, and Into Thin Air, I broke through my English-major snobbery and learned that any genre or type of book was open to me as long as it was good.The last holdout for me was fantasy. I tried Tolkein as a...more
p1268
aVLet me just start by saying I don't normally read fantasy books. I can't relate to them, they're hard for me to get into and they typically don't pique my interest. However, I bought Game of Thrones on a whim at Target, and it ended up being a great decision. After reading the first few pages, I was completely hooked on this book. I don't know what it was - the vivid descriptions, the suspense or the characters - but I couldn't stop reading. I agree with many of the reviews I've read - parts of...more
p1269
aVIs kind of difficult to rate a fantasy book again after a year or so away from the genre. From the perspective of more general fiction, I could criticize this book quite easily for having shallow, one-dimensional characters who wear their motivations on their sleeves. I could point out that any character's give perspective fails to present their inner dialogues as anything approaching believable. Or I could make some comments about how the attempt to discuss sexism is clumsy.What Martin does wel...more
p1270
aVMy husband read this book before he passed it on to me, and I was skeptical about reading it as he would update me on what was happening in the book. "The king is visiting winterfell!" he would say, and I would tell him how very boring that sounded. But once I read it for myself, I saw that Martin had created such multi-dimension and relatable characters, that readers care even about the seemingly mundane things that happen in their lives. As I continued in the book though, the mundane gave way...more
p1271
aVMindsets of whatever books you read will no doubt change from the beginning till the end and of course with a book as huge as this, thats inevitable.Initially it took quite some time to fully understand what was going in the book. With a fantasy genre, you can't really tell if what is possible or logical, and what rules the world runs on. The first chapter was a total muddle. Who were these people, what lord what squire and most of all - what the hell happened in the end? I was waayyy too confus...more
p1272
aVI enjoy fantasy, in fact it is the only genre I read. This book is considered fantasy but I wouldn't suggest reading it for the epic creatures and magical abilities. The fantasy is there for the setting mostly. It doesn't give have much impact on the story. The story mostly centers on the political troubles in the kingdom as hinted by the title A Game of Thrones. Although the fantasy isn't to it's maximum potential I still enjoy a book it captures the themes of mystery, drama, and romance. At fi...more
p1273
aVThis was one of the best books I have read in a while. To me it seemed like the Wheel of Time series mixed with the Outlander series.This book is split into chapters from different characters\u005cu2019 point of views. This includes: Lord Eddard Stark, Lady Catelyn Stark, Sansa Stark, Arya Stark, Bran Stark, Jon Snow, Tyrion Lannister, and Princess (Khaleesi) Daenerys Targaryen. I enjoy books that have different point of views most of the time and I really liked it in this one. There are a few people thou...more
p1274
aVFirst off \u005cu2013 I\u005cu2019m mad at myself for only just now reading this book.  I downloaded the (enormous!) sample on my Kindle for the first time over the summer and attempted to read it two or three times.  It didn\u005cu2019t do much for me at the time, but I just kept going back to it.  For whatever reason, I really wanted to like this book.  Then a few of my students read it and started talking to me about it, and I was remembering myself at that age, thinking \u005cu201cMan, if Game of Thrones had existed when I was in 8th...more
p1275
aVI really want to like this book a lot more than I did.  It has all the elements I like in a Fantasy story; great setting, lots of interesting characters, epic history/mythology, dragons, and war scenes.  What was missing for me was a defined line of good vs. evil.  You could make the case that is part of the brilliance of this book series, the characters are flawed and make difficult decisions under unique circumstances.  Yet for me reading Fantasy I want someone or some side to 'cheer for'.  I feel...more
p1276
aVI have never been much to read books that belong to the genre of High Fantasy. But i've heard so much raves and gushing reviews about this book that i had to pick it up. And i don't regret a single bit. It was a brilliant book.The plot is not exactly not the most original one with the seven kingdoms and all but it is so fresh and new, it's entrancing. It was addicting, hook, line and sinker. I could not put the book down. The reason i don't bother even picking up high fantasy novels is because m...more
p1277
aVYes, I have to admit: I read this book after I watched the tv-show. I was recommended the tv-show by a lot of people, heard so many good things about it and decided I had to watch the show. I fell completely in love with it, was so captivated by it that I couldn't do anything else but watch the show for a week. When I finished the tv-show I started researching it, found some websites and found out it was based on a book series. After a lot of searching (because, believe me: finding these books w...more
p1278
aVSo I gave this book a shot, I really tried to enjoy it but frankly after 400 pages of this absolute dreck I could not stand it anymore. The characters are bland and dull. Not a single character in this book engaged me to the point of wanting to continue. So many of my friends told me "keep reading so and so is awesome" but to me...all the characters remained weak and unrealistic. Anyone who says, "That was the time it's a medieval setting" truly disgusts my inner feminist and has no idea of the...more
p1279
aVYou've got to love the genre to really get into this thick book.  It's typical fantasy, with a world that sort of resemble medieval Europe and dragons and kings and knights and lots of wenches.  So if that don't make you roll your eyes (I do just a little bit), then you'll love it because the people's stories are so compelling.  Apparently this is a series, so you have to keep reading and sometimes I think the author is deliberately spinning these conflicts out just to keep you hooked.  Each of thes...more
p1280
aVBarbara says: "Game of Thrones is the first volume of a fantasy saga which is sure to get you hooked. I was completely carried along by the epic story of powerful families in conflict.  The characters are so vivid I felt I knew them.  Just when I had this story figured out, the unthinkable would happen; a death, a disaster, or a new point of view which cast the whole plot in a completely different light.  This is compelling, imaginative writing."Christie stays: "Admittedly, I cheated and watched th...more
p1281
aVI remember being daunted about the length of this book when my older brother first recommended it to me. Despite his persistant pestering, I didn't start reading the book for about a week but it just seemed to be too much of an undertaking. When I finally did start the book, I couldn't stop. I managed to read this entire novel within two days and I was completely mesmorized. A Game of Thrones deserves the hype it was received because it is truly a fantastic book. The book blends action, violence...more
p1282
aVThis book was hard to review.  When I started it, I couldn't imagine getting all the way through it.  The book is long winded.  A lot of the details are more than necessary, and I found myself skimming large portions of the book to get to the point (hardly something I enjoy doing, as I like to be fully absorbed by a book).  At the beginning of the book I had contemplated giving it up, but that just too hard for me to do. If I pick up a book, I owe it to the book to at least read it through to the en...more
p1283
aVThis is one of the best fantasy books I have read. Both the world and the characters are very real, often gritty. The characters are not perfect heroes and they suffer real tragedies. The world is an astonishingly accurate depiction of the Middle Ages for a fantasy book and manages to avoid all the typical anachronisms. What brings the reader into the series is also that magic is understated and is creeping into the world, so both you and the characters have to be convinced that it really exists...more
p1284
aVThis book was recommended to me by friends. I can see why they enjoyed it but not why they gave it five stars. The weaving together of the complex plot threads is skilful. The imaginative scope for the narrative is huge! The premise for the world is arresting but not always well thought out. There are some logic problems for an agrarian society challenged by such long winters. This aspect wasn't satisfactorily explained even in impressionistic brush strokes as a background story.  Similarly with...more
p1285
aVI wasn't as enamored as other people about this book. The first 2/3 dragged and took me forever to get through. A lot of characters are thrown at you but it's done in such a way that keeping them straight is not a problem. And the last third made up for the first part. It moved quickly and was quite enthralling. While I can't wait to read the next book I think I need a little bit of a breather.
p1286
aVThe first thing I think after having finished this novel is wow. I mean W-O-W. It's been so long since I've stayed up all night trying to get through a book just because I want to and not because I have to for class the next day. You fall in love with the characters and you fall in love with where everything takes place; nobody is two-dimensional. I have to admit that the novel does take some time getting into but I think that's necessary whenever you plan on having an epic story. Some boring th...more
p1287
aVAfter watching the first season of Game of Thrones on HBO, I had to dive into the books. Seeing as how I refuse to read fantasy type books, this was a leap of faith. And it was a good one.GoT isn't the regular fantasy series that I despise. This is incredibly well-written and focuses heavily on the characters. I get the dragons, kings, castles, and all that. But it was the people that made me want to read the books. Ned, Dany, The Lannisters, they are all such good characters that you cannot pos...more
p1288
aVMy husband and my brother are both long-time fans of this series, and as a fantasy fan myself, I thought it was time to check this out. It certainly stands out in the vast sea of lesser fantasy novels. And Lord, is there a lot of bad fantasy out there.Here's what I liked: The characters. Some good, some evil, many ambiguous, and almost all kick-ass. I also appreciated the very limited use of magic in the books. It limits what can happen in the plot, and makes the novel especially character-drive...more
p1289
aVA great Epic read.The story is a long one, be warned, but once you're in there you just can't stop reading!Narrated by a few characters, the plot is all about a game of thrones (as gets mentioned a few times in the book). I've loved the book, hated parts, didn't want certain things to happen, was sad, cried, laughed... all these emotions in one book!What happens when a Kingdom is ruled by a man who slayed another king to take his place? What happens when that king dies and his son takes his plac...more
p1290
aVI hate fantasy and sci-fi books. I mean, really hate them. I am much more a fan of historical fiction, or thriller stories than anything else. Had it not been for the prodding of a dear friend of mine (not to mention curiosity because of the TV show), I never would even have considered picking up this book.I am so glad I did!A Game of Thrones is much more a saga of family and friendships, love and betrayal, politics and power, than your run-of-the-mill fantasy novel. In fact, Martin almost makes...more
p1291
aVAfter first watching the HBO series I knew that I'd be reading a highly epic fantasy. I had no idea of the series prior to the screen series viewing. I absolutely loved it. Therefore I loved reading it.As I knew what will happen through the course of this first book from the first season, I was anticipating a lot of the memorable and monumental scenes which did interrupt the enjoyment of reading. I had no problems picturing the cast as they really are epic too. Although Joffrey looks like a spaw...more
p1292
aVI won't bother anyone with a synopsis.  I am not a huge fantasy guy but like the basics.  Lord of The Rings, The Hobbit, the first book to the Wheel of Time series before it got ridiculous, Phillip Pullman, Neal Stephenson, etc.  I have to say that I enjoyed the book.  I was bummed with the death of certain characters but I am looking forward to the next book.  It took me a while to get through it.  I stopped for a while then go back into it then really cranked out the last couple hundred pages.  I sta...more
p1293
aVNot impressed. I adore fantasy novels, but this one fell flat on too many counts for me to willingly look the other way in favor of enjoying the story. It was too long & droning, too politically boring, too predictable, and incredibly, incredibly repetitive. I'm not even talking about "House This" and "Lord That" kind of repetitive (of which there was still plenty), I'm talking about recycling the same exact phrases in normal descriptions over and over again to the point where I start to won...more
p1294
aVThere's no need to go into great detail about A Game of Thrones. The Seven Kingdoms were once united under the banner of the Dragonlords, but the last Dragon king was betrayed by one of his personal guards, Jaime Lannister afterward known as the Kingslayer. The Usurper, King Robert, is weary of his duties, and in his weakness, the Kingdoms start to dissolve. The brother and sister true heirs to the throne seek to gather the barbarian hordes to their side. The Starks to the north follow only thei...more
p1295
aVA really great book. I can't wait until the HBO series starts. Perhaps Martin isn't a master of fantahistorical political intrigue, I don't know; this is the first book of the kind I have read. But what I loved is that I cared about almost all of the characters. The one major flaw is that his 'good guys' are far more nuanced than his 'bad guys'. I read an interview quote from Martin where he claimed there were no black-as-night villains in the books, but that is just not true. At least in this b...more
p1296
aVFirst:A MUST read for anyone who calls themselves a fantasy fan. This book is a rite of passage.*SPOILER*SPOILER*SPOILER*SPOILER*SPOILER*SPOILER*SPOILER*SPOILER*SPOILER*SPOILER*SPOILER*SPOILERThis was an AMAZING read, considering that I've been dodging reading it for years.Just...epic. I loved the WOLVES! How they protected their masters, how they seemed to see danger coming, and how they do what's best for their masters, not just following blindly (like Ghost leading Jon's friends to him so the...more
p1297
aVThis book was magnificent! The story is so captivating and I just got lost in the world. I'd read chapters at a time and I loved it. The plot is amazing, but I also found myself invested in the lives of each of the characters and their families. Don't get me wrong, there are A LOT of characters but once you get the hang of it then its easier to understand. I didn't find myself lost when trying to figure out what was going on. George R.R M. did a wonderful job setting up the story and he is defia...more
p1298
aVAfter dragging a bit in the beginning, it did indeed grip me by the end. I don't know how I feel about the whole basing chapters on different characters perspectives. I often enough find myself thinking, meh...I'd rather be following this part of the story right now, but I have three people to plow through before I get there. Otherwise, greatly enjoyed.***SPOILER***The one little tidbit of story that I just couldn't believe and that didn't seem logical was when Eddard did not believe a word of w...more
p1299
aV5 Stars and YES ..It's still for me a " to Read" ..Thank you very much HBO and whoever the TV production who presented the TV show..I believe that every book or novel is better than its adaptation.. If so it must be one of the best of ..I dunno , Adventure, Magic, Political, War, Betrayal and Revenge books ever made..May be it's the production, the acting or the directing BUT many of big and epic productions failed to show a greatness and qualities of some story or novel as many happens before.S...more
p1300
aVThis novel A Game Of Thrones ( A Song Of Ice and Fire) written by George R.R Martin is a well written book.  A Game Of Thrones is a fictional story in which the seasons are totally different.  Winter and summers last forever, for example when summer is here it lasts for decades while winter on the other hand can last for a generation or more.  In this story it holds the perspective of many characters and the view points of the situation.  This is so because this story revolves around the kingdom of...more
p1301
aVI absolutely loved this book! The author did such an amazing job at providing us with the possibility of identifying with such a collection of amazing, relatable and lovable characters! There are so many things I loved about this book that I do not know where to begin. As you read the book you realize that each chapter is told from a different character's point of view. I thought this was a very creative way to give us a sense of each one without having to make them interact with each other all...more
p1302
aVA Game of Thrones is book one in the series, A Song of Fire and Ice.I can't say too much without giving away some of the twists and turns because this is a tale full of secrets.I would compare A Game of Thrones to The Lord of the Rings - because there is a richly detailed world within those pages - and also to The Stand by Stephen King - because there are so many characters, about a dozen of which you must follow throughout the novel, taking care to keep track of their families, friends, enemies...more
p1303
aVGame of Thrones is the longest book that I have read in a long while, more than 800 pages, which a while ago would have made me have second thoughts about even attempting to read it, but as I started reading the book and became immersed in the world and the characters created by the author it didn\u005cu2019t really seem that long at all and I could have happily carried on reading it if it had been another couple of hundred pages long.I had cried off reading fantasy epics for years as they just seemed to...more
p1304
aVWhen reading this I had already watched two seasons of the TV-series and was slightly confused. I tended to confuse the names of the characters etc. I therefore decided to start reading the books in order to sort things out and that is something that I can recommend to those who also has been watching the TV-series and felt the way I did. I hesitated a little bit before reading the books because I thought they would be boring when I already knew what was going to happen but that was not the case...more
p1305
aVThere are million reviews out there about this book but I think in honor of such a GREAT book I need to add my voice to it. Breathtaking! Brilliant! Tantalizing! I rarely read fantasy of this calibre and it was one of the best decisions I made. Winter fell sweeps me off my feet, it's mystic nature captivates my sense, king's landing ensnares the mind with the politics and the games it harbors and finally the wall with its mystery makes me want to know more. When talking about the characters I mu...more
p1306
aVA Game of Thrones by George R.R. Martin. You might remeber that I have not always had the best track record when it comes to Epic type/ fantasies. Well I guess my reading habits have been evolving over time...Clinton bought me this deluxe version of A Game of Thrones a few months ago. When HBO started developing the series based on the books, I had watched the first episode (they put it online to drum up viewership) and I LOVED it! Of course, at this point I am waaaay behind in the TV version as...more
p1307
aVIt is often hard to keep track of the dearth of characters in an epic fantasy series such as this one, but Martin handles this exceptionally well by dedicating individual chapters to the characters themselves, to their points of view, their voice, and story. This makes them memorable and therefore makes it so much easier to follow as the story progresses. I found there was less "who was that again?" and more "ah, hello again!" The characters are well-rounded and carry depth, which is hard to fin...more
p1308
aVAmazing!Before i read this, it had been a while since i read such an enticing, thrilling, fantasy book.  I absolutely LOVE Martin's particular narrative style.  Every chapter is from another character's point of view.  This way, the reader internally conflicts with siding with certain character, making it more exciting!  The characters are beautifully created, each with their own uniqueness that is not washed down by the incredible plot,  This book is rich with details that make you actually feel lik...more
p1309
aVThis novel takes its' time getting going, but by the end I was hooked by the series as a whole and am wel on my way into the second installment.  Some of the sections of this book frustrated me as a reader, because with the various perspectives that the book reads from action comes into one character's life and storyline, and then the perspective changes to a completely different scene.  The action in this book is slow, and deliberate.  Mr. Martin seems to want his readers to buy into his world who...more
p1310
aVIt was silly to like this book so much, since I'd already seen the tv series of it. And yet! I couldn't put it down. Seriously. My measure of a book is how often I find myself wondering, "Well, I could take it out of my bag here and read a few pages." For the best of them, I indulge at traffic lights and while brushing my teeth. As I texted a friend a few hundred pages into A Game of Thrones: "This book is going to make me break my OTHER ankle."I'm not quite sure what makes George R. R. Martin s...more
p1311
aVMy Review: The first book of seven (the final two still to be written, apparently), Game of Thrones is a masterpiece in and of itself. The writing is elegant, the story captivating, and the characters so utterly alive and human you can\u005cu2019t help but love and hate them as though they were your very own friends and foes. My mind has been endlessly wandering in the Seven Kingdoms these past few weeks, adamantly refusing to focus on the happenings of this world. As kings and knights battled for power a...more
p1312
aVWow - I am officially obsessed with this series. Now this is what you call an epic fantasy with kings and queens fighting for  control of the Iron Throne of the Seven Kingdoms, lords and ladies, knights, wildlings, direwolves, supernatural Others, and more. I have always heard of this series, but I was intimidated by the size of the books. They are long, but so well written, with fully realized characters that you can't stop thinking about. The enormity of characters and details do make for a cha...more
p1313
aV     This the first of seven books of a song of ice and fire,  I don't why everyone calls it a song of fire and ice.  At least thats what i called the series... anyways, the last two haven't been published yet.  The sixth book is going to be called Winds Of Winter.  The seventh book is going to be called a dream of spring; from what i heard the last two books will be centered in the north; not just the north but far north the farthest any of the lord commanders has ever gone.  Lord commander snow is goin...more
p1314
aVThis was my first foray into bonafide fantasy. It was an interesting experience to be presented with a map and a lineage of characters in a sort of alternate universe historical/medieval fantasy. That's probably old news to folks who really dig fantasy regularly, but even Middle Earth is still kind of vague in my mind.At 800+ pages, it was a quick read, and I did like how the chapters flitted from person to person. George R.R. Martin likes to describe clothes, but that's cool, because the mediev...more
p1315
aVHaish! Begitu selesai nonton film seri-nya tahun lalu, kukira gak akan ada yang lebih bagus dari itu.Ternyata... salah. :DBuku ini lebih lengkap dan mendetail daripada film serinya.Emosinya lebih ketarik-tarik, kerumitan plot lebih kerasa, dan karakterisasi para tokoh lebih kena karena mereka kebagian jadi narator dalam narasi PoV mereka sehingga kita juga bisa menyelami pikiran dan memahami reaksi-reaksi mereka.Ada banyak quote bagus yang kuperoleh dari buku ini.Ini menunjukkan betapa "berisi"-...more
p1316
aV4 Stars - Enjoyed this book. I've always liked this time period of castles, knights, war, and kings. This is outside of the genre I've been reading most frenquently, but I didn't love it any less because of that. George R.R. Martin writes from a variety of perspectives. These voices range from male to female, from child to adult, and from noble to bastard. The only negative comment I have about the narration is that having just finished the Wolves of Mercy Falls series where Maggie Stiefvater al...more
p1317
aVThis book was recommended to me by my good friend. I can't thank her enough as I haven't enjoyed a book as much as this one is a long time. She did mention it was violent, but I tried it anyway, and indeed, it is very violent in parts, but rising out of the ashes are some really great characters, plots and stories. This is a sink your teeth into book. Get out the wine and cheese, read by the light of the candle and relish the battles and the journeys of brave men, women, cowards and children and...more
p1318
aVMartin was very ambitious in attempting such a wide scope for this narrative. That said, he creates the world vividly, capturing the brutality, the ruthlessness, and what is akin to the feudal loyalties in that world.  I've read a lot of fantasy fiction, and I thought this was an arresting creation although it is far too long. It should've been cut by a third. That would have given it a lot of punch. I don't think writers need to bludgeon readers with excessive detail once they've made their poin...more
p1319
aVSo many people before me have loved the Song of Ice and Fire novels. A Game of Thrones is the first book in the series, written by George R.R. Martin. It follows the twisted paths of the Starks, of the Lannisters, of the Baratheon king, of the once-royal Targaryen siblings, and of the castle politics that swallow all of them. There is death and life, destruction and change, hope and fear. Often I had no idea where the plot was going, and that's what I loved most about it. It wasn't a lost blindn...more
p1320
aVThis is easily one of the best books I have ever read, if not the best. It was captivating and I found it so difficult to put the book down, even for five minutes, and all I wanted to do all day was read. It takes a lot to get genuine emotional reactions out of me, but at several points this book had me laughing or close to tears, and I believe that is one of the marks of a truly great author. George R.R. Martin is one of those rare gifted people who were just born to write: his characters are a...more
p1321
aVOf all that I've read, never has one book inspired me feel such vehement hatred and distrust of a fictional character. And when I turned over the last page, I was left with animosity for a whole slew of villains and heros alike. This might be attributed to a coupling of flaws-- the first being that the characters lack vibrant development and their actions are therefore rooted in falty foundations, making what they do or say sometimes harsh and questionable. The second flaw is--and correct me if...more
p1322
aVI honestly don't know where to start with this review!  I loved this book and I know some have complained about the way it's set up, but I liked the short chapters with the perspective changing between the characters...there were some that I wanted to go on for a LOT longer than they did. Oh well.  I can totally understand why people are calling Martin the American Tolkien, but this is no Lord of the Rings.  A lot less magic here, almost none really, but there are some superstitious behaviours, old...more
p1323
aVStarted off great, but was a bit slow moving, and then he started killing off characters like it was going out of style. In hopes that the series would have a somewhat happy change of pace (similar to the Eg and Dunk series) I checked the summaries of the series and am glad I did. I got to save myself countless hours watching every character I cared for even a little get killed off and betrayed until only 3 members of house Stark remain, while the Lanister's only lose 2 important characters, and...more
p1324
aVPretty much what everyone says about this book is true... The HBO series is very close to the actual book. Actually almost too close. I was having deja-vu moments as I read, until I got post the episodes I had seen. From that point, I actually enjoyed the book more. Not that either were bad, it was just easier to stay in the moment, in the context of the book and to not try to marry up what I was reading with what I had seen.What I really liked about the book was that the expected just didn't ha...more
p1325
aVI read a lot of fantasy from authors like Dragonlance - Weis & Hickman/ Lord of the Rings, Tolkien/ Trudi Canavan's Black Magician Trilogy/ David Eddings - Belgariad and have become a little tired of similar plotlines and sameness. Game of Thrones is apparently very different, well I was not disappointed, right from the start the amazing story of the battling Royal Houses of the Seven Kingdoms draws you in and you find it very difficult to put the book down! It took me a few chapters to feel...more
p1326
aVIt is really a good book. You are always kept on an edge with all that is happening around and in the land of Westeros. The seven kingdoms of Westeros rarely seem to exist in peace with each other, but with the threats of creatures mythical and forgotten looming overhead they must settle their rivalries and unite as one under the current king. And adding more danger to their plate, the heirs of an ancient ruler want to seek revenge over the current king for exiling them and are ready with their...more
p1327
aVThis is an epic fantasy and it is the first of three books.  I should mention that I am not watching the HBO series as I do not have HBO but will get the DVD when it comes out.  I like to read a book first anyway.  In a lot of ways it reads more like a historical novel because the supernatural and fantasy portions of it are hinted at more than actual reality until quite late into the book.  But they definitely are there.  It is the story of a land where summers have lasted for decades and winters can...more
p1328
aVSummer has just really begun in earnest around here but already it's looking like "Game of Thrones" and the rest of the books in George R. R. Martin's "Song of Ice and Fire" series are going to be this summer's must-reads, much like Stieg Larsson's Dragon Tattoo series was last summer. At least that's how it's looking in my little world of reading. I never realized I was such a bandwagoner but with these books I'm definitely on board and glad of it. The first was so much fun I've already started...more
p1329
aVThe Song of Ice and Fire is part of a new and exceptional breed of epic fantasy, where the sweeping wars and ancient conspiracies are given potence not by their scale but by the very real characters that serve as their faces. Make no mistake that this is a character drama, first and foremost: you will move between heroes and villains, queens and commoners, warriors beyond compare and helpless children, but you will always be behind their eyes, seeing the corners of Martin's living world painted...more
p1330
aVThis book took me on an amazing story journey.  One of the best I've ever been on.  This book is a story mainly about two families, the Stark's and the Lanister's, the former fighting for what is right, and the latter, for more power.  One thing that is unique about this story is that it is told from the standpoint of 8 different people: Eddard (Ned) Stark, the father, Catelyn Stark, the mother, Sansa Stark, the oldest daughter, Arya Stark, the youngest daughter, Jon Snow, the bastard son, Bran, th...more
p1331
aVThoroughly enjoyed, can't wait to get the next one. Sometimes anachronisms regarding speech and whatnot, or at least it seems so to me. Makes a strong effort to change words to change the temporal feel of the book, but often transparent. That said, the storytelling convinces the reader to keep going, and I didn't feel cheated. Definitely some good surprises, and I feel it's just the beginning. The three(?) storylines are constantly moving in each other's directions, and I can't wait to see the d...more
p1332
aVI had this book hovering on my shelf for quite some time now, and finally came around to read it. It was amazing. I skipped through a few reviews of it, and they all make good points about flaws and awesomeness. I will try and make my point: DislikesCharacters. Well, I liked the fact that I didn't know whom to trust even once. I also liked, that there wasn't one major evil (okay, there've been a few major evil people), but it was more about people's flaws. Every character was a person, not all g...more
p1333
aVGross and engrossing, I cannot dislike a book with a heroine who watches a witch burn on her Mongol husband's funeral pyre before suckling dragons at her tit and setting out to conquer the world. The dialogue is sharp, especially the dwarf's dialogue. And it has zombies, and dyer wolves. It got better and better, and by page 500 I was thinking, oh great, now I have to read the whole damn series. Hopefully it is finished and the author won't die before the end of it, like in Dune and the Rand al...more
p1334
aVFor me, this is the gold standard of epic fantasy. GRRM has created a world with a rich history and believable characters. This series is written in a POV style which adds to the enjoyment. It has all the usual suspects in a fantasy novel but presented in such an intriguing way.   The depth of the characters is amazing. You will find flaws in the heroes and feel pity for the villains. Then there are those characters that fit in neither of those categories. There is a lot going on but it ties toget...more
p1335
aVI almost didn't make it past the first 20 pgs of this book - the prologue was intriguing, but then the first several chapters were wearing me down. Each was only a few pages long and told from a different characters perspective, and I had no idea how these characters related to each other or the plot. Once I figured it out, their little section would be over and I'd have to do it all over again. Anyway, I picked it up again the next day, and finally started to piece together a cohesive picture....more
p1336
aVHighly enjoyable and far better written than I'd expected given its "bestseller" status; on the other hand, not without problems.  Even without looking at All The Other Books To Come In The Series, it's starting to feel a teensy bit padded-out by about 2/3 in.  Not too much - he doesn't quite pull an Eddings - but there needed to be more of An End To This Volume, really, more of a closed teleology, and there wasn't, which was annoying rather than genuinely suspenseful... but on the other hand, the...more
p1337
aVI really wanted to like this book.  It had come highly recommended  and represents my first foray into sword & sorcery type fantasy.  I came away disappointed.  Each chapter is told through the viewpoint of one of eight different characters.  I enjoy a novel that can successfully pull off (or pull together) several plot lines.  But in order for the novel to work as a whole, those plot lines (or the characters who inhabit those plot lines) need to be interesting.  Note that I didn't say "likeable" o...more
p1338
aVI was aware of George R.R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire series before the television show was ever produced, though I think I was too young then to appreciate the complexity and genius of his series. Now, with the franchise reaching a popularity-high, I decided to pick up the first book and the rest was history.(view spoiler)[The show definitely made the world of Westeros and Essos come alive more easily than it may have without it. The novel benefits from being able to explore the great cast...more
p1339
aVLong ago, in a time forgotten, a preternatural event threw the seasons out of balance. In a land where summers can last decades and winters a lifetime, trouble is brewing. The cold is returning, and in the frozen wastes to the north of Winterfell, sinister forces are massing beyond the kingdom\u005cu2019s protective Wall. To the south, the king\u005cu2019s powers are failing\u005cu2014his most trusted adviser dead under mysterious circumstances and his enemies emerging from the shadows of the throne. At the center of the con...more
p1340
aVMartin certainly is good at what he does, I cannot deny that. However, the "fantasy" aspect is really only 10% of this book. The reason I am often drawn to the fantasy genre is to be swept away by the amazing worlds, characters, magic systems, etc. I found absolutely none of that here. No world building, almost no descriptions of beautiful landscapes, no charming characters (except Jon Snow in my opinion.) I just don't care about the characters, and found myself rooting for something terrible to...more
p1341
aVcome molti di coloro che hanno intrapreso la lettura de \u005cu201dle cronache del ghiaccio e del fuoco\u005cu201d di recente, anche io l'ho fatto grazie all'incredibile impatto visivo della serie della HBO. Per quanto nelle vicende il libro e la serie siano assolutamente omogenei, \u005cu00e9 nel contesto che Martin ha crato per la sua opera che la divaricazione pare netta. Il mondo in cui si \u005cu201dGioca per il trono" \u005cu00e9 vivido e pulsante di storia, diventando quasi il protagonista assoluto della vicenda. Riferimenti a fatti, vic...more
p1342
aVI would say 3.5 stars for this one. I'm a little torn on how I feel about this book. While I love reading absolutely any genre of books, I don't always care for sci-fi, dragons, and medieval times. I loved how the book changed point of views with each chapter and showed you the insides of the different castles from many different angles. I enjoyed some of the characters immensely. My favorite being Jon Snow, Little Ayra, and of course Lord Eddard. The characters were all very well rounded and de...more
p1343
aVMy first book in the fantasy genre.  It was addicting. Having the visuals from the HBO series certainly helps.  I'm starting the next in the series today.
p1344
aVSo. The first book in an epic fantasy tale, in a land where the seasons last for years, and hundreds(?) of seasons has passed since men witnessed magic, dragons, or otherworldly creatures. (I'm guessing the series will be about its return.) I, of course, have watched the TV-series, and only read the book because of it, so everything I have to say is irrelevant. Noting for my own files only.I haven't read enough fantasy to really tell how good it is within the genre. Really, I can only compare it...more
p1345
aVThe first volumne of George R.R. Martins "A Song of Ice and Fire", introduces us to Westeros and the Seven Kingdoms and the Great Houses that are plotting to ascend to the Iron Throne thanks to King Robert Baratheon being disinterested in affairs of state. Are principle cast are House Stark of the Northern realm. Headed by Eddard Stark, Lord of Winterfell and Warden of the North, receintly made Hand of the King investigating the murder of the previous hand, his son Brandon, crippled when he disc...more
p1346
aVA Game of Thrones is deep, involving and crafted perfectly. It's a novel which follows multiple view points and the danger of this technique is that some characters will be more engaging to follow than others - that is not the case here, as every single character is completely spell-binding and a joy to read about.  You will feel elation at every high, sorrow at every low and and will struggle to put it down until you have finished. It is very dark and often brutal.  The realism of the characters...more
p1347
aVTo be clear, I love fantasy genre. Though I'm not a hardcore fan, I've always held fantasy as genre that's near and dear to me ever since I found Narnia and Middle-Earth. To be clear, this is an adult fantasy literature. I've never read an adult fantasy before and I was quite caught off guard when I found the amount of sex in this novel. It didn't turn me off because of it's interesting characters although it made me cringe with the thought that this might just be a wish list of a sick bearded m...more
p1348
aVIt's been a long time since I spent this much time on a novel like this, and I am a little disappointed.  I am primarily disappointed that so many of the plot points are left unresolved in this novel.  Only one major thread of the tale is completely completed (so to speak), and I won't say which; the story lines of every other narratorial character are left incomplete.  For those who might say that Tolkien did the same thing, it's not true.  Lord of the Rings was written as a single novel and broken...more
p1349
aVSome of the things some people hated about this book are the things I loved the most. I'm currently done with book four of the series, and am keeping myself from starting book five until I have the time to savor it.Yes, they are long and detailed. Yes, many main characters die. But that is what makes the book worth reading. It is not predictable in the slightest. It is not a conventional good versus evil story. Because of the multiple perspectives one gets, good and evil are indistinguishable. O...more
p1350
aVI have to confess I set this book aside after about 250 pages and didn't expect to pick it up again. But I did because I had nothing else to read and, I don't know if I was just more in the mood for it or whether the story really picked up, but I couldn't put it down after that. I think I resisted all the medieval-times-porn stylings and I'm not referring to sex. Men are men and women are sex objects and swords and heaving bosoms. . .lusty battles and epic sex, or vice versa, depending. But then...more
p1351
aVI really enjoyed this book! It is not an easy read though. It is long and there are many different characters and places to keep track of. Also, many of the characters will be referenced by different names. I had to keep flipping between pages trying to keep people straight. I also kept referencing the map to try and get my bearings on what was happening. There was a lot of detail which was great, but often times I didn't spend too much time on that because I was engrossed in the plot. The autho...more
p1352
aVExtremely well written.  Interesting.  And terrible.  I'm trying to decide if the first two can overcome the last and encourage me to continue reading the series, or if the last is too overwhelming to do so.  I even considered not finish reading -this- book and sent out the following fb status to my friends at the time:  "Okay friends who enjoy the Game of Thrones book series. I have reached page 772 of the first book. And without serious motivation, am disinclined to continue reading this book or an...more
p1353
aVThis book came on to my radar when the show was being made by HBO, there was also an uproar of fans about the long wait between books in the series.  Apparently, they are worried that Martin is getting on in years and may kick it before he is able to finish telling his story (Aren\u005cu2019t people lovely?).  Since it is a fantasy series I asked my brother if he had read them and he responded that he had never even heard of them.  I dropped it.  A few weeks later Peter called in a frenzy \u005cu2013 these are AMAZING...more
p1354
aVI don't get why people don't like this book. This is epic. Yes, I know that some people might not like this genre of adventure/fiction with kings and princes and lords and dragons and battles and wars. But c'mon! This is called 'A Game of Thrones'.  It has Thrones on it's name so, I don't know, but perhaps this will be about kings. Or is it about unicorns and cupcakes? NO! It's about thrones and not those thrones of tghe fairies and unicorns realms. NO! About normal thrones from normal realms wit...more
p1355
aVI cursed George R.R. Martin when I finished this book, and I'm not the sort of person who often curses.  (I had to read to make sure a current project wasn't too close to certain ideas from the Game of Thrones.  Happy to say we're in the legal clear.  Otherwise never would have made it past page one.)  The book is well written and well plotted.  But I hate Martin's world.  It's dark.  It's violent.  It's boring.  The worst the Medeival period had to offer, repackaged with touches of fantasy (but even tho...more
p1356
aVWhen a book is being hailed as the next Lord of the Rings, you have no choice but to gain some interest. I\u005cu2019ve never really categorised myself to be a hardcore fantasy novel kind of guy, but hearing such good things about this book urged me to give it a go. After hearing of the massive success of the television series, and being a fan of adaptations of books, I was interested into seeing what the fuss was about.Game of Thrones is set in a world which can be easily described as rather medieval. Th...more
p1357
aVSo this was fun.  Martin does a fantastic job with his pacing, and the reader becomes absorbed in this complicated political world without too much effort. I had trouble putting it down at points, just because I was so curious to find out who was going to die next.The complaints about the flat characterization and the weak world-building are valid, but I can forgive Martin for that.  The book is more about political intrigue than the mythos or the inner turmoil of the characters (though I can't sp...more
p1358
aVThe Consuming Quality of Role Playing GamesI have a friend who has metaphorically lost his life to World of Warcraft on multiple occasions. Fashioned around a fully realized fantasy world, World of Warcraft offered almost everything one would require in life. With an online community of support, my friend would play this computer game in marathon sessions as he battled enemy clans, bought and sold in the marketplace, and worked diligently to gain experience. Upon quitting the game (and selling h...more
p1359
aVThis is my current obsession. Not that I need so many things to obsess about. And my giving of five stars was probably biased, but oh well. I mean, this is most of the things I love combined in one. I loved what they did in the HBO series, I think they gave the book justice. However, there were things that are better done in the book, and there are moments that I found better executed in the series.What I love most about the series is the narration. It's easier to understand compared to other ep...more
p1360
aVAt first glance, the first book in the A Song of Ice and Fire series seemed like a tough and long novel. The reader must follow the stories of numerous characters, switching back and forth between different people. It did take a while to learn and remember the background of each character and how he or she relates to a certain plot. Still, the subplots become woven together so well that the separate stories mesh together, filling missing pieces and bringing certain events in light as more inform...more
p1361
aVI was "warned" about the series and told that the first book was the best and all others go down a path of spiraling convalescence.  I was at the beginning of the story when I was warned but now that I've read it I have to ask myself, how can I NOT try to find out what happens to the imp?  How can I NOT find out what happens to Daenerys and her dragons?  How can I NOT continue to see if Arya meets up with John at the wall?  And then it came to me that I'm not the type of reader that gets upset with...more
p1362
aVIs this a perfect book? No.Did Martin's language occasionally make me burst out laughing? Yes. Are there, as I write this, people in the woods somewhere in full Renaissance Fair costume, fighting with cardboard swords, and pretending to drink fermented mare's milk? Probably.EVEN SOI read this nearly-700-page book of epic battles and court intrigue in less than 2 weeks. Despite the often near-insanity of plots, characters, names, etc, and the odd somewhat archaic language (except Martin uses the...more
p1363
aVDisclaimer:  This was a book club book, and not something I would have normally picked for myself.  Since I'm not a fan of the genre, I'm probably not the best reviewer for someone who knows that they do enjoy fantasy.This book was a lot of exposition and setup for the future novels of the series, but that excuse didn't make up for the fact that I found long sections of the story excruciatingly dull.  The characters are wooden archetypes and even for someone not terribly familiar with the genre, a...more
p1364
aVMore of a three and half star ride. I'm almost embarrassed to say I found this pretty much ... mediocre.  I found the premise interesting, and the different houses/groups of characters somewhere between interesting (enjoyed the over-the-top scheming and backbiting of House Lannister) and really cliched (The Dothraki are dark skinned, horse riding nomads that are warlike.  Really?  Again?).  The plot is intricate.  It's too intricate.  Okay, it's (way) over the top.  It's a kitchen sink of fantasy eleme...more
p1365
aV4,5 stars.I have mixed feelings about this book. It's an amazing univers the author has build. Can't be compared to anything I've ever read, but I'm so furious about some of the things/deaths that happened in the last hundred pages. I understand that these things are also what makes it epic. But still.... I can't seem to help to both Loooove and dislike this book....  :)
p1366
aVI bought this book after seeing glimpses of the TV series. Neither one of them was disappointing. Game of Thrones is about the rise and fall of various kingdoms and houses in the land of Westeros. The plot is engaging and has twists that I couldn't see coming until they happened. Even the most insignificant characters have depth to them and no matter how attached you get to any of them, no one in this book is safe. This book is not light reading. You have to pay attention to every detail or you...more
p1367
aVThe thing about A Game of Thrones is that since I read it while watching the new HBO series some of the characters ended up with more depth in my mind than they had on paper.  I liked the characters, Arya Stark is one of the best characters Ive read in a long time but trying to recommend the book I keep wondering if I am thinking of the written Arya or the acted Arya.  Same with Ned Stark- I should think him a total fool but instead I think of Sean Bean and how badly I want good to prevail.  If you...more
p1368
aVJust like the Harry Potter books, I don't openly admit to having read this series.  Its a very mature book, and many of my Christian friends would be disgusted to read it and find out that I enjoyed it.  Let me be frank - I enjoy parts of this book series to the point I suffer through the revolting to enjoy the battles, the humor, and the midevil type lore.  I know many people would scoff at this, call me a hypocrite, etc.  I don't care.  I'm a grown man and can make my own decisions and I decided to...more
p1369
aVOne of the reasons I liked this book so much is the way it describes the politics of the Seven Kingdoms in the final years of a king that has gradually lost his grip on his kingdom and the dynastic politics inside it. I read a lot of premodern political history, especially medieval and early modern, and the way the nobles scheme, make tactical mistakes, deduce faulty conclusions because of their lack of evidence, change their minds, pause, and occasionally act with absolute ruthlessness when nec...more
p1370
aVOMG, is all I can say. Damn that ending! Although this is a long book it didn't ever feel tedious or slow, and I didn't think that any parts were unnecessary, or could have been cut in any way.The book also managed to evoke varying emotions in me, which I'm sure attracted me some funny looks on the bus!Roll on book 2 when I come back from holiday and can afford it lol
p1371
aVAlthough I was vaguely aware of the series, a friend of mine who reads a lot of high fantasy had recommended the book over Christmas.  HBO is also making a series based on this book which will begin in April.  All of this of course leading up to the moment when "Clash of Kings" is selected to be read in one of my book clubs.  My experience with high fantasy is almost entirely limited to The Lord of the Rings which I just read for the first time over the past couple years.I walked into this not enti...more
p1372
aVMy first venture back into epic fantasy - and I loved all of it! The characters were real and wonderful, even the ones I secretly hope will die or get what's coming to them.Observations: - The language use feels "fantasy" enough, but goes well with more contemporary terms like f*** and other fun words that show up every so often.- "bowels turned to water" is pure genius. And used often. - Winterfell and the wall are the only places that I feel I know something about. Other locations feel a bit f...more
p1373
aVthis review will be the same for all of the series...awesome story line!  he really involves the readers in the lives of the characters giving equal time to protagonists and antagonists.  i dove headfirst into these novels and could not put them down.  i am most impressed however with how no character is holy or beyond death.  taking the time to get the reader emotionally attached to a character to then suddenly and often violently dispatching them is something most authors don't do, unless at the v...more
p1374
aVThis book is really good. I hated reading it. I concede that it is part of a series, and with all of the characters and family histories that go into creating its richness, I grant that the author may need 300 pages to set up the story. But what really bothered me is that, of the 100 characters to whom you are introduced, I thought that four were truly likeable. The rest are largely unpleasant or frustrating to read about, and as for the good characters they are so out of control of their own ci...more
p1375
aVBook One of one of the best fantasy series out there.  I'm lukewarm on fantasy - so much of the time it's warmed-over Tolkien, heroes and princesses endlessly riding off in search of some magical McGuffin.  George R.R. Martin's series is different, grounded solidly in real medieval history.  There is magic, but it's laid on with a light touch; for the most part, this is a story of medieval intrigue where some people are trying to backstab their way to a throne, and others are trying to stop them.  T...more
p1376
aVA Game of Thrones (A Song of Ice and Fire #1) by George R.R MartinGenre: FantasyRating: 10/5 starsOh. My. Gosh. Now I know everybody has at least heard of Game of Thrones.  If not the book, the TV show. I came to hear of it through my good friends on Tumblr, and finally caved in to read it when my school friends brought it to show me.  So, even though I should be studying for exams, I chose to read this as my last book before the cramming season.That was simultaneously the BEST and WORST decision...more
p1377
aVThere's probably not much to say about this that hasn't already been said before. The beginning is daunting and somewhat slow, but only because Martin  is trying to build such a rich world populated by so many multi-dimensional characters that it's just difficult to wrap your brain around every situation that happens.Get through the first few chapters, though, and you'll find yourself furiously reading through each and every word he writes, biting your lip, cursing, crying, laughing, gasping, and...more
p1378
aVPlenty has been said about this book, and series. While I doubt I'm adding anything, here are my two cents. Brutal things are done in this book. It has been a major complaint of people who dislike the series. My view is this is a book. The brutal images are to create feelings in a reader. Saying Joffery is a bad man does not get that point across the same way as his commanding grown men to hit Sansa does. I don't think that this series condones or glorifies violence against women. Or even violen...more
p1379
aV\u005cu041d\u005cu0430\u005cu0447\u005cu0430\u005cu043b\u005cu043e\u005cu0442\u005cu043e \u005cu043d\u005cu0430 \u005cu0435\u005cu0434\u005cu0438\u005cu043d \u005cu043e\u005cu0442 \u005cu0432\u005cu0435\u005cu043b\u005cu0438\u005cu043a\u005cu0438\u005cu0442\u005cu0435 \u005cu0435\u005cu043f\u005cu043e\u005cu0441\u005cu0438 \u005cu2013 \u005cu201c\u005cu0418\u005cu0433\u005cu0440\u005cu0430 \u005cu043d\u005cu0430 \u005cu0442\u005cu0440\u005cu043e\u005cu043d\u005cu043e\u005cu0432\u005cu0435\u005cu201d \u005cu043d\u005cu0430 \u005cu0414\u005cu0436\u005cu043e\u005cu0440\u005cu0434\u005cu0436 \u005cu0420. \u005cu0440. \u005cu041c\u005cu0430\u005cu0440\u005cu0442\u005cu0438\u005cu043d: http://knigolandia.info/book-review/i...\u005cu0421\u005cu0430\u005cu0431\u005cu043e\u005cu0442\u005cu0438\u005cu0440\u005cu0430\u005cu0445 \u005cu0441\u005cu0438 \u005cu201c\u005cu041f\u005cu0435\u005cu0441\u005cu0435\u005cu043d \u005cu0437\u005cu0430 \u005cu043e\u005cu0433\u005cu044a\u005cu043d \u005cu0438 \u005cu043b\u005cu0435\u005cu0434\u005cu201d \u005cu0438 \u005cu0442\u005cu043e\u005cu0432\u005cu0430 \u005cu0441\u005cu0438 \u005cu0435 \u005cu2013 \u005cu0438\u005cu0437\u005cu0433\u005cu043b\u005cu0435\u005cu0434\u005cu0430\u005cu0445 \u005cu043f\u005cu044a\u005cu0440\u005cu0432\u005cu0438\u005cu0442\u005cu0435 \u005cu0434\u005cu0432\u005cu0430 \u005cu0441\u005cu0435\u005cu0437\u005cu043e\u005cu043d\u005cu0430 \u005cu043d\u005cu0430 \u005cu0441\u005cu0435\u005cu0440\u005cu0438\u005cu0430\u005cu043b\u005cu0430 \u005cu0438 \u005cu0441\u005cu0438 \u005cu0432\u005cu0433\u005cu043e\u005cu0440\u005cu0447\u005cu0438\u005cu0445 \u005cu0447\u005cu0435\u005cu0442\u005cu0435\u005cu043d\u005cu0435\u005cu0442\u005cu043e \u005cu043d\u005cu0430 \u005cu201c\u005cu0418\u005cu0433\u005cu0440\u005cu0430 \u005cu043d\u005cu0430 \u005cu0442\u005cu0440\u005cu043e\u005cu043d\u005cu043e\u005cu0432\u005cu0435\u005cu201d \u005cu0438 \u005cu201c\u005cu0421\u005cu0431\u005cu043b\u005cu044a\u005cu0441\u005cu044a\u005cu043a \u005cu043d\u005cu0430 \u005cu043a\u005cu0440\u005cu0430\u005cu043b\u005cu0435\u005cu201d \u005cu043e\u005cu0442 \u005cu0440\u005cu0430\u005cu0437. \u005cu041d\u005cu043e \u005cu043f\u005cu044a\u005cu043a \u005cu0430\u005cu043a\u005cu043e \u005cu043d\u005cu0435 \u005cu0433\u005cu043e \u005cu0431\u005cu044f\u005cu0445 \u005cu0433\u005cu043b\u005cu0435\u005cu0434\u005cu0430\u005cu043b, \u005cu043d\u005cu0430\u005cu0432\u005cu044f\u005cu0440\u005cu043d\u005cu043e \u005cu043d\u005cu044f\u005cu043c\u005cu0430\u005cu0448\u005cu0435 \u005cu0434\u005cu0430 \u005cu0441\u005cu0442\u005cu0438\u005cu0433\u005cu043d\u005cu0430 \u005cu0434\u005cu043e \u005cu043f\u005cu043e\u005cu0440\u005cu0435\u005cu0434\u005cu0438\u005cu0446\u005cu0430\u005cu0442\u005cu0430 \u005cu0441\u005cu043a\u005cu043e\u005cu0440\u005cu043e \u005cu2013 \u005cu0445\u005cu0438\u005cu0447 \u005cu043d\u005cu0435 \u005cu043c\u005cu0438 \u005cu0441\u005cu0435 \u005cu0437\u005cu0430\u005cu0440\u005cu0430\u005cu0432\u005cu044f\u005cu0448\u005cu0435 \u005cu0432 \u005cu043d\u005cu0435\u005cu0449\u005cu043e \u005cu0442\u005cu043e\u005cu043b\u005cu043a\u005cu043e\u005cu0432\u005cu0430 \u005cu043c\u005cu0430\u005cu0449\u005cu0430\u005cu0431\u005cu043d\u005cu043e, \u005cu043d\u005cu043e \u005cu0447\u005cu0443\u005cu0434\u005cu0435\u005cu0441\u005cu043d\u005cu043e \u005cu043d\u005cu0430\u005cu043f\u005cu0440\u005cu0430\u005cu0432\u005cu0435\u005cu043d\u005cu0430\u005cu0442\u005cu0430 \u005cu0430\u005cu0434\u005cu0430\u005cu043f\u005cu0442\u005cu0430\u005cu0446\u005cu0438\u005cu044f \u005cu043f\u005cu0440\u005cu043e\u005cu0441\u005cu0442\u005cu043e \u005cu0441\u005cu044a\u005cu0431\u005cu0443\u005cu0436\u005cu0434\u005cu0430 \u005cu0430\u005cu043f\u005cu0435\u005cu0442\u005cu0438\u005cu0442, \u005cu043a\u005cu043e\u005cu0439\u005cu0442\u005cu043e \u005cu043d\u005cu0435 \u005cu043c\u005cu043e\u005cu0436\u005cu0435 \u005cu0434\u005cu0430 \u005cu0431\u005cu044a\u005cu0434\u005cu0435 \u005cu0443\u005cu0433\u005cu0430\u005cu0441\u005cu0435\u005cu043d \u005cu0434\u005cu0440\u005cu0443\u005cu0433\u005cu043e\u005cu044f\u005cu0447\u005cu0435, \u005cu043e\u005cu0441\u005cu0432\u005cu0435...more
p1380
aVLa verdad que gran historia, que gran libro. Me gust\u005cu00f3 mucho, realmente me sorprendi\u005cu00f3 que me gustara tanto pero as\u005cu00ed fue. Y es que la verdad esa cuesti\u005cu00f3n de pol\u005cu00edtica, aunque importante para el desarrollo de la historia, no es nada tediosa al contrario es como un pulpo que interconecta todos los sucesos con los tent\u005cu00e1culos. Personajes detallados a tal punto que, a lo largo de la historia, parecieran tener vida propia. Algo que me gusto mucho es que, si bien el autor escribe desde el punto de vista d...more
p1381
aVGames of Thrones, Game of Thrones, Game of Thrones.That's the buzz word lately. I had heard about this series before I picked up the books.  Multiple times co-workers and I would be discussing tv shows we watch and they would ask, "Do you watch Game of Thrones?"  When I always said no, they would inevitably reply (usually with a strange sigh), "Ohhhh you SHOULD.  You would LOVE it."So I started reading this series because of people who wanted me to watch the show.  No one really talked about the boo...more
p1382
aVGame of Thrones was good, just kind of a letdown after all the hype. The story was interesting and the characters were sympathetic, but the world they were set in was a total fantasy cliche. I mean, a medieval patriarchy? Cool, never seen that before. I'm glad you threw in a girl who disguises herself as a boy to learn to fight, because that's so uncommon....oh wait.Despite the fact that it's not super original, it's still a pretty interesting book. The story is well told and enjoyable. There ar...more
p1383
aVI read Game of Thrones after having a debate with someone: is the movie ever better than the book?  My response is yes, but not necessarily in relation to Game of Thrones (since I've never seen the TV show).  Game of Thrones is the epic first novel in a series of adventure taking place in the 15th century.  It follows the lives of a variety of interconnected characters spread over kingdoms and lordships.  After reading this 700+ page book, I have the utmost respect for Martin: there is a seemingly e...more
p1384
aVWow.  The world that the author comes up with in this book (these books) is beyond amazing to me.  It's a fun read, though I wouldn't call it a "light" read.  It's not heavy, but there are so many characters and so much going on that I really had to pay attention.  If I lost focus and even skimmed one paragraph I'd have to go back and re-read it because the next paragraph would make me realize I'd missed something.  He packs tons of detail about everything that's going on, but I liked it because it h...more
p1385
aVA Game of Thrones is an tale of epic proportions. The story is believable and the characters are just as corrupted as one might think they would be in the real world. Every detail has meaning and you will never know what might be around the corner. This book marked the beginning of an epic journey through this well thought out world. Fantasy readers and any others will surely enjoy it.    A Game of Thrones takes place in a wonderful and well thought out world. There are maps on the first couple of...more
p1386
aVMy disclaimer is that I only read this because my husband really wanted me to, and I've never read fantasy before, nor have I ever read a book this long that I can remember.That being said, I really enjoyed this, probably because it reads more like historical fiction than traditional fantasy, and drama is entertaining.  If it was much more fantasy, I doubt I would have liked it or finished it.  It's just not my genre of choice.  Maybe someday I'll pick up book 2, but at this time that's not my plan...more
p1387
aVA Game of Thrones is one of those novels with an ending that is so powerful, it completely overrules any earlier misdemeanors that had occurred. Yes, at times the novel is drudgingly paced, and some of the characters outshine others in terms of storylines, but dang, that was one fiiine ending.The world GRRM has built within his epic fantay series, A Song of Ice and Fire, is completely unmatched by any recent fantasy author. While there are many characters--and many characters who share names, at...more
p1388
aVAaaa!Not since Feist have I been this rapt with an epic fantasy.Rippling with thoughtful characters, horror-filled scenes and the tang of corruption in every storyline this book with have you flipping pages so fast you'll risk severing the tips of your thumbs.N.B: I refuse to watch the series.With each chapter taking a different character's perspective you get, what I call, a alphabet-soup of information. There were many times where I gasped a stricken "No!" on the train as Martin deftly travels...more
p1389
aVI really loved this book. I loved how complicated all of the plots and character interactions were and I loved all of the fantasy elements. Mostly, I loved the Starks. None of them were perfect people (except perhaps Prince of my Heart Robb and Queen of the World Aria), but they were good people. I especially loved Cat for her complexity because here you have this mother who has truly become a woman of the North but she has this big flaw, and that's how she looks at Jon. And on the one hand you...more
p1390
aVHello! First off, The characters are superb. They are hands down the most fleshed out characters I've ever read. In most epic fantasies, characters are either black or white, good or evil. In this series, every character is deep in the grey, but filled with so much color. After reading a few of their chapters, they begin to feel like family.The story is sooooo deep, rich and overall just extremely satisfying to the upmost degree. Every chapter has a purpose and every story told is necessary and...more
p1391
aVI'm not a huge fantasy fan, or at least I don't read fantasy very often.  I actually bought this because when the show launched last year I couldn't figure out what the hell was going on.  So I bought the book after the premiere and started reading.  I realized 'Ohhhh, they're actually in three different places," which helped me follow the show.  It's very well written and the characters are compelling, especially Tyrion.  Even on the page he's a great character, but Peter Dinklage has turned him int...more
p1392
aVI'm not one for fantasy/medieval type novels - science fiction, sometimes - burly, honor-bound, pilaging knights and successions of lordship - never. I fell into the book because I had heard so much about the HBO series, and as a principle, I never watch anything before I have the opportunity to read it first. It was an extremely long novel to dive into without having a vested interest in the genre.  But, I dig long books and read faster than your average bear. The reading itself wasn't a chore p...more
p1393
aVSome authors are best at describing action; some scenery.  Martin seems most comfortable in creating characters - lots and lots of characters.  His book taxes the reader's ability to visualize and separate one character from the other.  Often many new & complex ones are introduced within a page.  The reader must keep up like s/he has been thrown out on the road with a marathoner and forced to keep pace in spite of the initial wheezing.That said, Martin's "Game of Thrones", like Tolstoy and Tolki...more
p1394
aVAfter being begged by a friend, and running into Game of Thrones comics, pictures, jokes, etc. all over the Internet I decided to give this book a shot. I figured I was going to get roped into watching the TV show next, and I like to read the book before I see any film adaptations. So I found a copy, and settled down to read.Very, very, very, very, slowly. Reading it felt like I was swimming in molasses. The density of this book is not a problem. Mr. Martin's inability to keep the plot moving wa...more
p1395
aV3.5/5\u005cu201cWhen you play a Game of Thrones you win or you die.\u005cu201dThis is a book about power and the families that exercise it, with a bit of fantasy seeping in. Characters are constantly reacting to rumours and skewed information. They are forced to piece together a single truth from multiple sources. Wrong interpretations can and do have severe repercussions and every action leads to a greater reaction.The writing tends to be on the dry side. There is only so much sword, armour, and food descriptions...more
p1396
aVThis series is very hard to rate. When I first started reading this book, I stopped halfway through because everything seemed to go from bad to worse and it depressed me a little. Then I watched the tv series and it made me like this universe after all and want to know what would happen next so I picked up the book and reread it from the beginning. Knowing what would happen kind of decreased the effect it had had on me the first time and I finished it.  It is epic. Martin builds a huge world with...more
p1397
aVAdmittedly, I was a little wary of "A Game of Thrones." Ever since the HBO television show "Game of Thrones" (the first season is based on this book) came out, and with it dozens of memes, I was curious, but I kept telling myself that I'd grown out of my fantasy phase in middle school after I finished The Lord of the Rings trilogy.I really only bought the book because I was at Barnes and Noble the day after payday (yikes!) and found a very cheap ($8) paperback copy. I thought, "Why the heck not?...more
p1398
aVFinally finished! I really liked the book, it just felt like it took me forever to get through it. I liked that the story was told from different viewpoints. I think the point of view of the children was the most interesting. Some characters were more fully developed than others; I am interested in seeing how that progresses in the next book. I found parts of the plot to be a bit predictable. I was surprised by the ending with Robb, but not Daenerys so much. I figured something was bound to happ...more
p1399
aVOriginally posted here.When I first started reading the book (and later watching the show) I did not know anything about it, except that there was a guy called Jon Snow, who had great hair and always seemed sad (thanks tumblr gif-makers), and that Sean Bean was playing Ned Stark, which only meant that there was a 99.9% chance that he would die. I would say my instincts are pretty good.It is always hard for me to get into fantasy books because from the very first sentence I am met with strange un...more
p1400
aVFor many reasons, this book is not for the faint of heart. First, it is 800 pages. Not a huge deal, except that after 800 pages Martin draws a nice conclusion yet completely sets you up for the sequel. Which means that after finishing the first mammoth book you still have thousands of pages of the series ahead. Also, George R.R. Martin's writing style is very cyclical. He develops a really interesting story line filled with burning questions... of which he politely answers your questions, only t...more
p1401
aVI was hesitant to start reading the Song of Ice and Fire series because all my friends watching Game of Thrones on HBO would flood twitter with comments akin to "oh boy, more rape!"  I'd had my fill from the Millenium series, but after positive comments for the books I gave in and started reading.To my surprise, it was pleasantly not centered around rape.  Indeed, George R. R. Martin has woven a fantastic epic, drawing me in from page 1.  I am a sucker for world-building, and this book does a great...more
p1402
aVI have to admit to having never heard of this book and the others in the series until the HBO TV show from earlier this year (yeah fanboys, unforgivable I know).I am happy to say that the book is of course better than the TV series (although for once I think a genuine discussion can be had to argue that the show is on a par and does it justice in every way, but that's for another time.  There is undoubtedly a discussion on this somewhere on Goodreads).It manages to be both incredibly complex and...more
p1403
aVActually I had a hard time rating this book. It's kind of just okay but I did like it so I changed from 2 stars to 3 stars. I read the 800 plus pages in about 1 week. Normally I quit reading a book if I can't get into it. This one held my attention and I did like it enough to purchase the second book although I will not start reading it right away. It is extremely wordy and it took a few chapters before I could figure out who was who and what was what. Once I got into it I was hooked. It's a fan...more
p1404
aVExtraordinary beginning to a series I will be reading all summer. Read this after watching the first season on HBO so it was nice to read what was left out in the show (not much though-stayed very true to the book but I hear the second season does not say true to the scone book) so it was nice to read all the details. My favorite characters are Tyrion and Arya!
p1405
aVI've read a lot of fantasy books since I was a kid, including a lot of the big names: Eddings, Jordan, Goodkind. The characters in those books were pretty good (often great), but the worlds themselves were kind of sterile. What insight we got into the life of the times was limited, and often romanticised and polished to the point where realism took a hit.Game of Thrones injects grit into every aspect of its world. The characters are all deeply flawed in some way, and the men are crude and violen...more
p1406
aVDer Winter naht. Das zumindest ist der Leitspruch der Familie Stark, die im Norden des Landes lebt und eine zentrale Rolle bei den kommenden Ereignissen spielen wird. Am Ende werden sie mit ihrer Warnung auch Recht behalten, denn auch wenn dieser Sommer Jahre dauerte, so mehren sich die Anzeichen f\u005cu00fcr den n\u005cu00e4chsten Winter, der den Sommer noch um einige Jahre \u005cu00fcberdauern wird. Genau davor f\u005cu00fcrchten sich die meisten Leute dort, vor der K\u005cu00e4lte, die Menschen im Schlaf erfrieren l\u005cu00e4sst. Noch weiter im Nord...more
p1407
aVIt has taken me a long time to start this series, mostly because I was afraid that GRRM would die of a heart attack or something before he could finish all the books.  Actually, I'm still worried about that, but I decided that I couldn't wait anymore, so I got a boxed set of the first four novels.  The HBO series did factor into this a bit, not because I plan on watching it (although I probably will eventually), but because I really don't want anyone to spoil the plot for me and I know that if I'm...more
p1408
aVLa primera vez que comenc\u005cu00e9 Juego de Tronos lo dej\u005cu00e9 por la cantidad de personajes que se te presentan y el estilo con el que est\u005cu00e1 narrada la historia en la que cada cap\u005cu00edtulo se ve desde la perspectiva de un personaje distinto.Tras comentar que no me gust\u005cu00f3 para nada, varias personas me aconsejaron que lo cogiera otra vez y fuera poco a poco leyendo, qued\u005cu00e1ndome con los nombres y si hac\u005cu00eda falta que me hiciese un esquema de cada personaje con la casa en la que est\u005cu00e1 emparentado, y funcion\u005cu00f3.Cuando ya e...more
p1409
aVI decided to read A Game of Thrones after thoroughly enjoying the HBO adaptation and boy, am I glad that I did. Game of thrones is definitely in the fantasy genre, but only ever so slightly at this point. There are no fairies, wizards, rings of power, prancing elves etc. The items that would count as fantasy, I will not mention for spoilers sake, but they are done well. They definitely add a dark undertone to the whole book without being the main subject of it. The land that GOT is set in is fic...more
p1410
aV Yes, I am shamelessly boarding the Game of Thrones bandwagon. Edwin and I watched the show, and were entranced, so I checked out the novel from the library.  I read the first book, and immediately ordered the box set of the first four books from Amazon.  Seriously, I have not been this excited about a book series since Harry Potter.  Less magic-y than HP, more mythic, like Tolkien, and completely absorbing. Contrary to what you may have been led to believe by seeing previews of the HBO series, yo...more
p1411
aVI don't read much fantasy but I'm glad I cracked open this series.  Of course all fantasy must be compared to Tolkien and the first book in the Game of Throne series compares favorable with the standard bearer.  Take out the goofy Hobbit songs in Tolkien and add some sex.  Then, in place of the brotherly love that was central to Tolkien's fellowship insert familial relationships with their inherent complications and jealousy turned to 11 and you've got a good idea what Martin is up to.  Martin also...more
p1412
aVRead more of my reviews at Craving FictionFirst off, let me say: Couldn\u005cu2019t. Put it. Down.  This was an excellent read all of the way through. I was first drawn to it after I watched Game of Thrones on HBO. The first season was stunning (and was renewed for a second season after the first episode aired. It\u005cu2019s also up for 13 Grammy awards!) and I hoped to find the same experience as I tried to get my fix as I wait for the second. I was wary however since I tried the same thing with HBO\u005cu2019s True Blood...more
p1413
aVA friend recommended this book to me after mocking my love of The Wheel of Time, and told me that this was fantasy for grown-ups. He was right--Martin does not mess around. The use of multiple perspectives illustrates how people in the same situation understand events differently, and avoids a simplistic black and white, good guy/bad guy set up. This is a modern novel, full of ambiguities and difficult choices, set in a fantasy environment. Frequently sympathetic characters make bad decisions th...more
p1414
aVI decided to read this after I'd finished the first season of Game of Thrones on HBO because I didn't want to cloud my judgment for either one by intermingling my first experience with the world.  I was surprised at how close the adaptation was, give or take aging details.  I liked how it split the narrative between some of the main characters, but that's also where I found my biggest gripe - spending time with characters I didn't care as much about.  Each Sansa chapter made me want to rip my eyes...more
p1415
aVI decided to christen my new kindle by downloading & reading this book first. I have to admit that it took me until about a third into the book -- the rapid switching of character perspectives made it hard to really love any of the characters at first -- to really get engrossed in the story, but once I did I was hooked. As a kid I'd get in trouble for laying in bed with a flashlight and reading past my bedtime -- if my mom could only see me now with my fancy lighted kindle cover. Many nights...more
p1416
aVNormally, I'm not a J.J. Tolkien kind of girl. Never read that series and I have no intentions of reading it either. I would have probably never read this series if I hadn't caught an episode of this series on HBO. But it captured my attention, and I felt it was worth a try. I'm not going to ramble on about it's comparison to other books on the market in this genre. The truth of it is......if you can manage to keep some semblance of the characters and their relationships to others....their many...more
p1417
aVAwesome.  Amazing.  Terrific.....The list of praise goes on and on and on.  I have not always been a big fantasy man, however this book is just absolutely fantastic!  It put me in a world of kingdoms and fortresses and knights in shining armor and is all done brilliantly.  I have heard comparisons to Tolkien, and I do not know how much I can agree with that.  When I think of Tolkien, I think of a very religious man with religious undertones throughout the books, and even though there may be some "bad...more
p1418
aVIt took me a long time to get into this book.  The large cast of characters and multiple storylines were difficult to keep straight, at least initially.  But in general this novel centres around the struggles and intrigues over the kingship in a medieval-style fantasy world.The plot is detailed, and the shifting loyalties and plots were the most intersting parts of the book.  The use of sex and violence seemed excessive, even given the setting... all right, the world is gritty; we get it.  The chara...more
p1419
aVI wanted to re-read this before the HBO tv series starts coming out, so I just listened to the audiobook (though I've owned it on audio for ages and ages).  Out of the fantasy series that I have come to as an adult, this is the one I have enjoyed the most.  It's just really down to earth feudal stuff.  Just a few "magical" elements or unexplained circumstances here and there.  Otherwise, it is almost entirely human and political--clashes of kings in a pretty regular world with a feudal type social s...more
p1420
aVA Master in Story-Telling\u005cu2026 The plot basically was about power struggle among 7 lands\u005cu2019 high lords, with their intrigues, lies, betrayals, loyalties, honors and friendships. Each chapter was narrated by different character, Princess in exile, winter land Lord, bastard Son, true Heirs, royal Lady and a dwarfed Lord.  Some major events were experienced by several characters, then, the event would be told from different angle when each character took their turns to narrate. Therefore, a character that...more
p1421
aVThis is a genre novel. A good one, but a genre novel all the way. The characters and story have more depth than than most fantasy novels, and the unfolding of the plot is often unexpected, but all within the well-worn grooves of the fantasy genre. The dialogue is mostly painful and most of the characters are straight from central casting. On the upside, the story is well-told, the pacing excellent and most strikingly, there is some real artistry in writing, which is by turns beautiful and evocat...more
p1422
aVA very good friend of mine told me to read this book.  I did a little research, saw that it was part of a series, saw that it was longer than any book I can remember reading, saw that it was fantasy, and decided I wasn't going to waste my time with it.  I wasn't about to waste myy time reading an (unfinished) fantasy series, one of those typically fantasy stories that goes nowhere, takes forever to get there, and will inevitablly be years between books, causing me to wait and reread the previous b...more
p1423
aV Ah! I had forgotten what it felt like to read a book that surprised me! This is fantasy except without the elves and dwarves. Its real people. People here can actually die in surprising and normal ways. Terry Brooks and J.r.r wouldnt do that. Here, people die of disease and bandit raids. It felt so real! Another thing I loved is that the author has seven or eight POV he rotates between. One chapter is called Jon, the next Sansa, the next Tyrion, and then Jon again. It keeped things very fresh t...more
p1424
aVAfter flying through the "Twilight" saga (which definitely left me wanting for character depth), I was extremely excited to start the Song of Ice and Fire fantasy series."A Game of Thrones" did not disappoint. Each chapter was told from the vantage point of a different character and locale. Each character develops rapidly the further you read and you can truly feel like you're getting to know them. The author beautifully linked all these individuals perspectives and wove a very complex story tha...more
p1425
aVWOW.  That is my first reaction to this 800 page book which, apparently, is only the beginning of the story!!  I don't usually read epic fantasy books of this length and I'm amazed at the author's ability to not only create an entire world but such a detailed history that is constantly referenced throughout.  I admit I sometimes got confused about some of the minor characters, many of whom had somewhat similar names.  WHAT I REALLY LIKED:- The character of Jon Snow; I felt like I understood him more...more
p1426
aVAfter watching the TV series, I was at first hesitant to read the book. Would it be different? Would there be some things that would clear up missed points in the TV show?I am both delighted and disappointed to say that the TV show follows the book almost to the letter. The joy and fun of the show is present in the books, and because I have seen Daenarys and Drogo, Catelyn and Robb, Joffrey (may the Others take him) and Cercei on the show, there was no waste of time in trying to imagine the char...more
p1427
aVWow.Wow!Wow.Harry Potter made me a reader again, though I swore up and down that that was the only fantasy series I would ever truly love. Now I have a second. Though could you really call this fantasy? What I loved most about this novel was the character...and everyone knows what a sucker I am for character. The characters were just set in a medieval milieu, with slight mention of dragons and zombies, but other than that they are warm-blooded, feeling humans to me. These Starks are real.But oh...more
p1428
aVDISCLAIMER: I only finished about half of this book.I heard a lot of great things about this series & was really looking forward to it so ... I cracked it open & dove in. Around the midpoint of this book I did something very unusual for me. I quit. The book was interesting and there was nothing really wrong except that nothing good ever happened. I don't need constant humor (or humor at all for that matter) and I certainly don't mind drama, sadness -- death & destruction even but rea...more
p1429
aV-Libro de g\u005cu00e9nero fant\u005cu00e1stico pero que gustar\u005cu00e1 a los no habituados al mismo si le dan una oportunidad.- G\u005cu00e9nero. Narrativa Fant\u005cu00e1stica.Lo que nos cuenta. El monarca de los Siete Reinos de Poniente anuncia una visita, acompa\u005cu00f1ado de su corte y de su familia pol\u005cu00edtica, a la capital de la regi\u005cu00f3n m\u005cu00e1s septentrional cuyo dirigente alberga dudas sobre lo que podr\u005cu00eda esconderse detr\u005cu00e1s del viaje. M\u005cu00e1s al norte, m\u005cu00e1s all\u005cu00e1 del Muro, parece que se han puesto en marcha una serie de inquietantes acontecimientos. Lejos...more
p1430
aVaquiEddard Stark \u005cu00e9 Lorde Stark, senhor de Winterfell. Winterfell situa-se no norte e esta \u005cu00e9 uma das casas mais antigas dos Sete Reinos. Eddard sente-se feliz e confort\u005cu00e1vel com a vida que aqui leva, junto da sua senhora e dos seus filhos. Contudo, a chegada do Rei e seu amigo, Robert, acaba por alertar Ed de que a sua vida est\u005cu00e1 prestes a mudar. Os seus receios acabam por se provar serem verdadeiros quando Robert pede a Ed que este seja a M\u005cu00e3o do Rei, o seu bra\u005cu00e7o direito. Isto \u005cu00e9 uma grande honra, p...more
p1431
aV  This book came out in 1996. It is now 2013. I don't know what the heck I was doing for the past seventeen years that was so important that I never readA Game of Thrones. It may have had something to do with the fact that I didn't know about it, but still.  Being interested in fantasy, at some point I arrived at Tolkien, who is hailed as a master of the genre. It's time for a confession: I am not a fan. I don't hate Tolkien, I just don't lovehim. I don't even particularly enjoyhim. Yes, his boo...more
p1432
aV     Fighting for freedom, war for revenge, killing to keep your land. Game of Thrones is a book about a kingdom engulfed with war. Several different armies fight for the land known as the Seven Kingdoms, which holds the Iron Throne, and only the most powerful can sit upon this throne and call themselves a king. The protagonists the Starks fight to get rid of the corrupt emperor and his evil followers in the south, while trying to hold of an undead invasion in the north, and at the same time as all...more
p1433
aVToday is the day I finished reading A Song of Ice and Fire, and heres what I think:Its brilliant.My favourite character is definitely Jon Snow. And after that comes his half-sister Arya. The reason I chose Jon Snow is because he's exactly the person i'd like to trust, and I can't deny that I sort of feel this sympathy towards him, huge crush, too. The reason I like Arya is that I truly believe, if put in the same position as she was put in several stages of this book, i'd do the exact same thing...more
p1434
aVI wasn't sure if I wanted to read this, after seeing and enjoying the first seasons of the HBO series. But I was very happy to find out how faithful the TV series has been to the book. I guess it helps that the author is involved with the production.    It's nice to have the characters refreshed in my mind, and to have the time to consider the intricate web of relationships, histories, and mythology of this highly original world created by George R.R. Martin. Now I'm thinking I need to read the nex...more
p1435
aVWhat a great story .... my librarian asked if I'd ever read anything by this author and said I should check it out.  I was somewhat hesitant because I was not really sure if I would like fantasy or not.  However, I do enjoy reading historical fiction and even though everything about this story is make-believe it was a great read.  The story is set in a make believe world set in "olden" times, so the story can be related to ancient European history.  The number, and complexity, of characters along wi...more
p1436
aVOne thing I have to say, do not call this epic fantasy. There is no magic, no quests to save the damsel, no hero of to rid the bad guy of his throne. This book is more like Ken Follett's Pillars of the Earth except the good guys and the bad guys change according to the point of view in each chapter. This book I would call HISTORICAL FANTASY. Historical because it's set in a medieval time; fantasy because it happens in a world that is not Earth.THIS BOOK IS NOT RECOMMENDED FOR CHILDREN,OR SQUEAMI...more
p1437
aVWe had just found out our flight was canceled and would be spending the next 14 hours on re-routed planes and airports . . . and me with no book.I left Kari at the gate to trawl the bleakest sort of Terminal news stands. This called for desperate measures. Not only did I jump on a pop-culture wave, but actually bought the TV Cover edition. ( I have not seen the mini-series). I went back to the gate and handed it Kari to hold while I went and got and espresso. When I returned she was already on p...more
p1438
aVWow there are so many bad reviews for this book.they left me wondering if I had read the same book as them .I thought this book was so good,the characters were all easy to read and like,although I did like some better than others.there were not any chapters that I said to my self on no not this person again. I really like how the author switched between characters chapter to chapter.I thought at first it was gonna get annoying, but in the end his way of finishing every chapter with a cliffhanger...more
p1439
aVwow. this is such a complex book. and i feel inadequate to write a review about this, so i am just going to tell you how i feel about it. i actually watched the first and second season of the TV show before starting this series, so i found it easier to recall the details and make the connection among the characters, their feuds,titles, and whatnot as you can suffer from some serious information overload. although there are some disturbing parts of the book that some people may feel averse to ( m...more
p1440
aVGame of thrones is a medieval fantasy with an epic journey.   In this first book, we meet the King Robert Baratheon and his long-standing friend and \u005cu2018hand-of-the-king\u005cu2019 Lord Ned Stark.   The kingdom is troubled\u005cu2014financially under a mound of debt, unrest within the king\u005cu2019s family, the king\u005cu2019s heir is not fit, and threats are looming from other lands.  The king meets an untimely death, and the kingdom is placed in the hands of his young son (or the son he is deceived to believe was his), and his cunning qu...more
p1441
aVIf I could give this series a 3.5 I would.  I'm now on book 4 of this series (the worst one yet) and while I think Mr. Martin has done a wonderful job bringing to life the world of the seven kingdoms, the man would do much better to write more succinctly and with more brevity. Many of the characters he introduces could be incorporated into a summary as told by the main characters. Instead, the reader is forced to read through plodding secondary stories to glean little details that, while interest...more
p1442
aVI've always been wary of epic fantasy series such as this.  I didn't understand the appeal of reading thousand-page volumes about a grandiose cast of characters set in some sort of alternate reality.  Game of Thrones has so many characters that the author felt the need to write an appendix in the back of the book outlining all of them by family, and I never understood how it would be enjoyable to have to keep up on all these people and their interwoven subplots.I suppose I cheated because I only c...more
p1443
aVI usually don't read fantasy books but because the show is AMAZING, I had to start the series to get my fix in between the seasons. I love that each chapter is narrated by different characters because there are so many different tones and even though some parts can get a little draggy, an exciting next chapter always makes up for it. What really got me hooked was how well written and detailed everything was. It was helpful that I watched season one because it made me understand things a lot more...more
p1444
aVI began reading the series because I enjoyed the television series of the same name and became impatient to see what happened next. I rate the mini-series as 4 stars. While I appreciate the complexity and breadth of the novel's narrative and the scale of the author's imagination, I was disappointed by George R.R. Martin's minimalist approach to sensory detail and the lack of emotional connection I felt for the characters. I like audio, visual, and sensory story woven into narrative so that I can...more
p1445
aVOMG where to begin.I love fantasy books. they're kinda my thing, and when fantasy books are made into to great t.v. and/or movies even better. I have never seen Game of thrones on HBO b/c I like to read a book before watching the adaptation. WHY DID I MAKE HIS A RULE FOR MYSELF??????????I want to like this book way more than I do, and it is this dislike that is making me question if I should even bother w/ the series.First things first, it is too got damn long there are literally hundreds of pag...more
p1446
aVThis would have been five stars but for one thing I just can't bring myself to ignore.  I genuinely enjoyed this book. I loved the intricate layers of deception and intrigue, the shift away from magical fantasy to realist fantasy, the medieval details. Admittedly, sometimes I felt a little swamped by the amount of people in it, often sharing the same or similar names, but I'm not the brightest bulb in the box and I was willing to overlook this; and besides, Tyrion and his hilarious one-liners  mor...more
p1447
aVWinter is Coming...Wow... wow. That's really all there is to say about this book. I heard about it first when my dad mentioned that one of my favorite actors - Sean Bean! What a guy! - was starring in a new HBO TV series. According to my principles, though, I had to read the book before I watched it - and I was pretty eager to watch it!The story is one of the most engrossing ones I've ever had the immense pleasure to enjoy, and the way it's written, every character has a tale to tell (I'm partia...more
p1448
aV It seems that all the reasons why some people didn't like this book are the reasons why I loved it. Let me first start off by saying that I went into it with no idea what it was about. I wanted to read the book before I began the show which I had heard wonderful things about. I enjoyed that each character had their own chapter. I found it easier to follow along with the story and once I got the hang out who was related to who it was smooth sailing. I also really liked the setting of a medieval...more
p1449
aVI started reading this after I finished watching the TV adaptation. I thought it was going to be a bit of a chore, since I have known how the story will go. But how wrong I was to think that.I'd say the greatest story is the ones who can still give you the rush, the emotions, the excitement and the chills, even though you know what's coming. And this story did all that. As a reader who prefers the fantasy world, I'm quite ashamed I haven't come across this series earlier. Looking back, most of t...more
p1450
aVRecently the TV series of this book aired in Germany and I heard how some of my friends (didn't read the book) described it as some kind of Borgia rip of. Lots of sex, lies and power. It doesn't do the book right. But I also came to the conclusion that it is indeed just about that. Martin does his job as a writer well. I really liked most of the book because of the beautiful writing. Of course he overdid it at some points, but over all it was okay.I like fantasy, but I think a lot of writers can...more
p1451
aVI'm giving this book 4 stars based purely on my level of enjoyment and engagement in the story. I'm not an expert on the fantasy genre of course, so I won't bother to critique how this book hits or misses that mark as some other reviews have. But I can certainly understand the criticism of inconsistency in the level/involvement of the supernatural throughout. Despite that, I enjoyed the plot and found myself wanting to find time to continue reading. Having seen a handful of the HBO episodes but...more
p1452
aVWhat can I say about this fantastic first novel in Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire series that hasn't already been said? Seriously, it isn't rhetorical. I can say that I tried this book for the same reason most people have been trying it in the last year or so which is because of its popularity. Also, I was interested in the HBO series which is, to be as crude as the show itself, fuckin' awesome as fuckin' awesome can be!! I knew very little about the books when starting other than the fact that...more
p1453
aVNow I'm not a big fantasty reader, I don't really have a specific genre that I enjoy most, I tend to be quite ecclectic. I've also read many of the negative reviews about this book and thought that if this is really that bad, there must be some truly awesome fantasy novels out there. I really enjoyed this book, yes it's very long, but I like getting my teeth into an epic. Yes it does end almost mid-story, but that just makes me want to continue reading. I liked the majority of the characters and...more
p1454
aVAs far as fantasy goes, there is much worse than this. Martins characters are interesting and most of them have depth, and the world is very interesting and well built.There are however a glairing problem with this book, and that would in my humble opinion be the racial stereotypes portrayed; and most obviously the Dothraki tribes (and which are easly recognized from other works in this genre).I also have a problem with the rather graphic sex scenes involving underage characters and characters o...more
p1455
aVThis book was recommended to me by an avid fantasy novel lover and co-worker. I checked out reviews and found it to be highly recommended as the best F.N. in the last 20 years, so I got excited. The first half was pretty rough. It was difficult to get in to because of the many medieaval names and family lines converging and splitting. Then, one of the main characters was put to death by a power crazed teen-turned-king and I almost threw the book behind the sofa, but my friend insisted that I han...more
p1456
aVI know this series is huge, so maybe I'm just missing something, but I really wasn't all that impressed with this book.  The similarities between it and the War of the Roses (particularly Henry VI parts 2 and 3, and Richard III) are no doubt deliberate, but that gave the book a feeling of predictability.  The characters and relationships also recalled the Dune series as well, with the effect that the whole narrative felt like I'd read it before.  It wasn't a bad read, by any means, but I think I wa...more
p1457
aV This could very well be the best start of epic fantasy series I have encountered up to this day. Martin has found an original approach to grand fantasy which is very compelling to a history buff like me - his world feels more like a medieval society of our own than usual fantasy realms, while his characters are extraordinarily gritty and "real". That in itself is something to consider before starting this series - if your preference in fantasy genre leans toward happy unicorns, fair princesses...more
p1458
aVWell, I'll be darned. This was a surprise. I lurved this thing so much that I read the whole in two days. I simply could not put it down (it helped that one of these days involved a lot of airports).I don't generally enjoy much fantasy, but now I understand why people call this "modern." It's the lack of moral compass. And I like it. I am generally much more excited by the moral ambiguities of, say, noirish crime fiction than typical fantasy genre stuff crammed as it tends to be with fair maiden...more
p1459
aVI don't know if I liked this book or not.  The TV show followed the book with aching precision and I read the book having already seen the TV show.  That said, I was not a fan of the character POV chapters.  It created disjointed story lines and flat characters.  I would also just forget what happened with a character because last I heard of them was 150 pages ago.    I also because increasingly displeased with the portrayal of sex and power in the book.  Inevitably, whenever an author creates a whole w...more
p1460
aVWOW! And for good measure WOW!!!How on earth I ever missed this fantastic fantasy series until now (and I don't even have HBO!!!) I will never know. Usually people recommend books like this to me. I guess I will blame them. :) I have told this to others before, but I judge a book on how well it can not only take me convincingly to a whole other world, but can convincingly keep me there and compell me to love and adore the people there. Or loathe them with a red hot passion. Mr. Martin has triump...more
p1461
aVI watched the show once then read this then watched it again. I like the show better and without it, I wouldn't keep reading these books. In fact, I would barely say I read this as I skimmed and skipped whole chapters because I already knew what would happen. These kinds of books just might not really be my thing, and I'm not prepared to invest 800 pages of my time on something I'm going to enjoy watching a lot more...let's just blame my impatience. And these are supposed to be fantasy novels ri...more
p1462
aVAfter reading the first installment in George R.R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire series, I couldn't help doubting the value of my investment. The book contains little that the HBO series leaves out. Martin is by no means a poetic writer. He is sometimes even literal to a fault. While the book does help to clarify details that are glossed over (sometimes rather hamhandedly) in the show, its literary simplicity makes for a more vapid read than originally expected. I hate to sound like a Harry Wo...more
p1463
aVAs with many fantasy books A Game of Thrones is set in a world that is both like ours (historically speaking) and completely unlike ours. While dragons, 'white walkers,' direwolves and spell-forged steel is a natural and accepted aspect of life for those living in the Seven Kingdoms of Westeros (except the dragons are now long extinct) it isn't the focus of the tale. Instead we witness how something as simple as the request by a king (and long time friend) asks a northern lord to be his Hand (an...more
p1464
aVBefore I even think about picking up an epic novel I do two things.  One, I make sure I'm in the mood to read it otherwise I will fling the book across the room during the slow/boring parts never to pick it up again and two, I make sure there is more than one book out in the series (nothing like finishing a book wanting more only to have to wait another year or more for the next installment).As with many other epic novels I've read, there are unsavory parts in A Game of Thrones.  Swear words, rape...more
p1465
aV04/26/2011: Okay, this book is just not for me. I keep thinking of LeGuin's essay, "From Elfland to Poughkeepsie" and how this is a perfect example of a political intrigue that could just as easily be set in any government in any time. It's not fantasy; it's just politics. This is merely a fight for power with a veneer of dragons glued to the front. It might as well be a history of some fictional European country. Instead of the War of the Roses, this book gives us dragons and lions. If there is...more
p1466
aVI have never considered myself a fan of high fantasy.  Sure, I read and enjoyed The Lord of the Rings when I was younger, but I have never devoted myself to a huge door-stopper series.  George R.R. Martin's A Game of Thrones, the first in his Song of Fire and Ice series, may have changed that.  Why is Martin's book different from the countless other entries in the field of fantasy?  Let me explain...First, there is the plot: there is no epic quest or magical item that has to be retrieved or destroye...more
p1467
aVPERFECTION. I really can't recommend this enough: it's refined, gritty, political fantasy without all the magical beasts and elves and dwarves (-- of which there is only one, and he's a fantastic character with great depth). His world is incredibly nuanced and rich with detail; three books in, I'm still trying to piece together the tantalising details of what's happened in the world's past. I adore GRRM's sprawling cast of characters and slowly learning more about them; some of them demand your...more
p1468
aVIt's not what I expected in fantasy, it's almost like a quasi-magical, very much fantasy, medieval soap opera.A lot of intrigue, unnecessary use of crude language, sprinkled with some raunchy sex scenarios to throw a bone to those that lack imagination. That's my only problem with the book is that all the cussing seems out of place, if you can't describe an f-bomb or any other modern day obscenity, then please don't use it.Other than some of the oddly placed made for HBO sex scenes and language,...more
p1469
aVGRRM had me in his world, completely. I loved that each chapter followed a different character. It starts out slowly - as I build loyalties and friends in this world. By the end of the book - I'm ready for battle as many of the characters have been. I'm glad this is a Kindle combo book - I can seamlessly start reading the next volume in this exciting epic.
p1470
aVMy reading of fantasy fiction begins and ends with the Lord of the Rings trilogy, so take this all for what it's worth, but I really enjoyed Game of Thrones and am looking forward to reading rest of the series.Most all the fantasy genre elements (that I'm aware of) are here: the vaguely medieval setting and diction, the lords, castles, & magic, the banners and their bannermen, and many others.  But despite the easy readability (this has to be the fastest I've read a 600+ book), GOT rises abov...more
p1471
aVThe single best fantasy novel there is. It's the start of a truly epic series with a great ensemble cast. It also does a great job of being very adult, very dark, and relentless in who the author is willing to sacrifice to make a great story. This was the first book by  George R. R. Martin that I've read and I'll read anything by him now.
p1472
aVAt first I was resistant to the world of lords and ladies, but the writing is just too good.  With each chapter following the   perspective of a different character (think:The Godfather), the storyline gets complex in a good pace.  The characters are  hardly what you think they are, and no one is completely evil or good.  Witty, shocking, and I adore it.
p1473
aVBlech, Goodreads deleted my previous review, so this is it. I was honestly surprised that I liked this -- people tried to sell it to me by saying "It's just like Feist's Magician", and the sheer loathing I have for Magician made me very wary of even getting within sight of this book. Due to a combination of factors, I wound up getting a copy of the series, and the thing that won me over were the likeable characters -- even the complete bastards are generally (in their own way) enjoyable to read....more
p1474
aVAn engaging tale that kept me reading, and I'll probably read the others in the series, but it would really benefit from deeper character development. The plot is complicated rather than complex, and the main reason for this is that reader learns so little about the key characters. The main problem is the sparsity of dialogue. What we know we are told, and this leads to a sense that we are reading about puppets rather than convincing people coping with tumultuous events. If you are a knight you...more
p1475
aVI did like it despite a lot of gratuitous graphic material, because of the very slight thread of hope, like a struggling brook, running through it. Those who study "the game of thrones" in medieval history can often be shocked by the lengths to which "the nobles" will go to obtain or retain a throne, and the power thereof, including giving wholly unsuitable youngsters in matrimony. This book is heartbreaking, in that many decisions are made that should not be, lives are thrown away on a poisonou...more
p1476
aVWhen I was in college, my best friend and I used to frequent a coffee shop in Lawrence, Kansas called Henry's. At the time, there were many young persons who enjoyed playing chess, smoking cloves, wearing capes, and reading what we pejoratively referred to as "Dragon Books." Sometimes we'd see them marching down Iowa Street, long billowing cloak flapping in the wind, walking past used car dealerships, on their way to Hastings to scour around for used Nine Inch Nails CDs or whatnot. There was a t...more
p1477
aVSo this is the first book of George R R Martin's I read, and I can easily profess that it will definitley not be the last! I delved into these books after becoming hooked on the TV series, and thought I'd give them a go. I was not dissapointed! Now, my copy is pretty much identical to the first series of the show, whether this is actually how the book is written or whether there is an edition that follows the series, I am unsure of. Either way, it was awesome!The thing that appealed to me immens...more
p1478
aVI heard the hoopla so I got the book.  It took me forever to get hooked but I fell in love with a couple of the characters once I did.  Listen, this is a long journey so if winter is coming for you and you have the time, start investing now.  I would say that it pays off every other book or so.  Martin tells some really good stories and develops some good characters.  Unfortunately, he, like Danerys, wanders a lot.  I want to know what happens to some of the characters- he lets them drop off while the...more
p1479
aVHow long was I reading this? Two weeks? Even between all the work I've been balancing, two weeks to read a book seems an absolute lifetime to me. This book reminded me of Hyperion by Dan Simmons in that despite it being highly recommended to me, the fact it was huge proved off-putting, even more so because each book in the series seems to be equally as long, if not more.The point being, I'm generally put off by massive books unless they can draw me in. I will finish every book I read, but if I d...more
p1480
aVReading this was a labor-intensive investment as there are dozens of characters with complex allegiances, marriages, fostering and wards, bastards, and other tangled familial and political ties. It seems to be a loose adapation of the Wars of the Roses (Lancaster/Lannister and York/Stark can't be a coincidence). I had to print out a family tree and constantly refer to the Internet to keep them all straight in my head. There will probably be some spoilers so stop reading this review if you prefer...more
p1481
aVAt first, I found the book was confusing because so many different people were narrating and it was hard to fit everything together.  However, that tool ended up working out because it gave a level of suspense to the book that otherwise may not have been there.  The plots of the book all intertwine to make a fascinating read from this technique as well.  The difference in characters is also a very nice touch. From the honorable Eddard Stark to the cunning Tyrion Lannister you see how the plot devel...more
p1482
aVI read books 1-3, and the first book was by far the best--great in fact. The second book poor and the third ok. What I loved about this series is gives you perspective on how good life is today and how difficult it was then.The books can be frustrating because (spoiler alert) because the author holds nothing sacred and will kill off a character when you don't expect it. You have to be a bit prepared for the fact that the author rambles and he does not always give you closer, but he keeps you rea...more
p1483
aVI received the first book as a gift, but I waited a long time to read it. I think I avoided it because of the fantasy/magical part of it since I tend towards historical fiction that is reality-based. One day I picked it up, however, and I've been reading through the series ever since. Even though I love the books, I think that a reader who loses focus easily won't be able to keep up with the characters and settings. I spent a lot of time going backwards to see the relationships, and then when I...more
p1484
aVAn extremely enjoyable albeit intense at times series of Books, I highly recommend to anyone and everyone who enjoys rich and detailed worlds.It is written from a split character viewpoint rather than a continuous point of view. In general I find this style of writing annoying to read, however Martin pulls it off superbly. This style of writing serves to enhance the political intrigue and backstabbing  that occurs throughout the series as well as exploring the lack of knowledge different characte...more
p1485
aV**Spoiler**This book was never ending. This book weirded me out, in sooo many ways. For example:-Much too descriptive (and completely unnecessary) sex scene between Tyrion & Shea.-Deeply disturbing relationship between Dany & Drogo. I hate that the author tried to turn this sick relationship into something that made her stronger. Essentially, she's a 14 year old girl who gets raped by her husband every night, and somehow is trapped into caring for her attacker. Disturbing, right?-I'd hav...more
p1486
aV[Stupid me, I just discovered the second map at the back of the book. That would have helped me if I had found it earlier.]On the back cover of this edition, a quote from the Chicago Sun-Times reads: "Reminiscent of T. H. White's The Once and Future King"--one of my favorite books and beautifully written. This one I enjoyed; though the writing style is not as interesting as one could hope for, the story is intricately plotted with some wonderful characters. Take care that you do not get too atta...more
p1487
aVFirst time I read it, I liked it, but I think I liked it even more now that I've seen the TV-series :) I also did not feel totally the same about the persons in it, like for example Daenerys, who I found rather annoying the first time, but like now. It is hard to say something about this book in itself, without saying something about the series. First time I read it, I only read until book 3 'cause that was all you could find in Sweden, and I thought it ended there ... I was so annoyed, 'cause i...more
p1488
aVAs usual I was a bit late in catching up to the hype that surrounded the Game of Thrones series. I got this book for my 19th birthday in May and was expecting a Lord of the Rings affair with some great set piece battles set against a relatively thin plot.However what I found was once of the most intricate conspiracy plots of anything I've ever read with more twists and turns than I thought possible in a book. This is a book where trying to second guess where the plot is going is utterly pointles...more
p1489
aVA few months ago I started watching Season One of the HBO adaptation of GOT, and quickly became obsessed, along with everyone else I know. When the end of Season Two drew near, I started to panic, anticipating severe GOT withdrawal, so I started reading this, the first book, simply seeking to fill the hole. The funny thing is that while I truly enjoy genres like sci-fi and fantasy in movies, I have never been able to get into reading books of those subjects. Not since I was a kid, anyway. GOT is...more
p1490
aVMany people have heard about Game of Thrones by now. Most of them, myself included, probably wouldn't have unless HBO had made A Song of Ice and Fire into a tv-series. As everyone said the tv-series was great I gave it a try, but after a few episodes I didn't like it as much as everyone said I should. Then I was told that I would certainly like the books. I did. At least I've loved the first one.Mr. Martin has really created a huge, rather complex, and truly impressive world in which the story t...more
p1491
aV(view spoiler)[Plot:Seven noble families fight for control of the mythical land of Westeros. Political and sexual intrigue is pervasive. Robert Baratheon, King of Westeros, asks his old friend Eddard, Lord Stark, to serve as Hand of the King, or highest official. Secretly warned that the previous Hand was assassinated, Eddard accepts in order to investigate further. Meanwhile the Queen's family, the Lannisters, may be hatching a plot to take power. Across the sea, the last members of the previou...more
p1492
aVSo this book along with this series if amazing.  This is the pinnicle of amazing.  This is also the pinnicle of epic.  The insane amount of characters to start off the story is maybe hard for some but really leads into such an intense plot where characters interact with each other in a way that provides the reader with non stop anticipation of how is this going to develop.  The multiple stories it starts off is a great way to tie in so many stories into one.  Never stops developing and thats partly w...more
p1493
aVCalling George R.R. Martin's A Game of Thrones a "fantasy novel" is almost like calling The Wizard of OZ a "tornado story". Yes, the fantasy elements play a part in the story, but they do not make it. A more apt description of the book might be a "sort of medieval, kind of fantastical, political thriller on steroids...and slightly drunk." and as strange as that may sound, it actually works! I found this book to be one of the most intriguing I've read in a long time. The characters are strong and...more
p1494
aVThis was really difficult to rate.  The plot was good, the world seemed solid, but I had a really hard time getting into most of the characters.  I would have preferred less character switching - Catelyn and the majority of the Stark children were pretty uninteresting.  Eddard, Jon Snow, and Tyrion were probably the most interesting for their various contributions to the plot and the world.  Minor characters whose POV I wouldn't have minded either include the eunuch and the Hound because they seem t...more
p1495
aVAnother book done! Ah, the satisfaction is great\u005cu2026.usually. This time around I`m not satisfied at all. I need more\u005cu2026more I tell you, MORE.  We`ll be spreading some word of mouth today about the novel \u005cu2018A Game of Thrones\u005cu2019 by George R.R. Martin.I`ll start off by admitting that I am late for the game on this series, which so far includes (according to the inside cover) the second novel \u005cu2018A Clash of Kings\u005cu2019, \u005cu2018A Storm of Swords\u005cu2019, \u005cu2018A Feast of Crows\u005cu2019 and \u005cu2018A Dance with Dragons.\u005cu2019 I will be grabbing books three...more
p1496
aVJuego de Tronos es parte de La canci\u005cu00f3n de hielo y fuego que son varios libros de fantasia "\u005cu00bfparecidos a Tolkien?" No "\u005cu00bfa Lewis?" Uhm, no "\u005cu00bfStephen King?" Nop "\u005cu00bfStephen Hawking?" \u005cu00a1Eso no es fantasia! "Solo te estaba probando" Oh, ok. Creo que lo interesante, es que Martin logra una muy bonita mezcla entre una prosa que de vez en cuando puede sonar a ficci\u005cu00f3n hist\u005cu00f3rica y luego a fantas\u005cu00eda, es ya hasta entrado el libro en el que te puedes dar cuenta que la fantas\u005cu00eda es un elemento "verdadero" dentro d...more
p1497
aVI actually am reading this series because I'm such a big fan of the show and I was curious to see how it would compare. So far I've only finished this, Volume 1, and I DO like it, but the truth is if you watch the series, I don't think you get anything MORE out of books than the show. I'm not sure if this is good or bad, although I guess it does make a positive statement for the screenwriters. Of course, in the book, and I can only speak for this volume at this point, I think the only thing diff...more
p1498
aVIn the Seven Kingdoms of Westeros, winter can last for decades. And winter is coming. Lord Eddard Stark of Winterfell has been awarded the position of Hand of the King by his friend, King Robert Baratheon. This is something Ned Stark has never sought, nor wanted. He wishes only to remain at Winterfell, not to embroil himself in the machinations at court. But what the king wants, the king gets. Leaving his wife Catelyn and eldest son Robb in charge of Winterfell, Stark heads south.In the north, s...more
p1499
aVThis book is the first book of a very violent fantasy series I started reading 5 years ago or so.However, as someone that enjoys superficial suspense and violent martial arts films hand in hand with deep philosophical works (hmmm... will it help to mention that Wittgenstein was watching for hours  romantic movies?) I had no major issues with this aspect.I did get annoyed here and there, however, with the seemingly lack of consistency in the diverging plot(s) as well as the fact that many of the c...more
p1500
aVWhat can I say?  I liked it.  It's a soap opera with knights and war and direwolves and bastards and message carrying ravens.  The characters are great (but, man, there are a lot of 'em) and the plot is gripping.  I love how one event can change the lives of every single character, regardless of how distant they are.  I appreciate Martin taking time to describe the armor (sometimes gold, sometimes silver, sometimes yellow or ebony--inlaid with jewels, shaped like fantastic animals--covered with cloak...more
p1501
aVEngrossing read because Martin balances the epic scope of the civil war in his Seven Kingdoms with a personal investment in several well-drawn characters and their dilemmas and relationships. The novel does go on a bit, and I'll admit my attention flagged around page 600, only to be recaptured in the last eighth or so of the novel when Martin brings together plot strands beautifully. I will be curious to see what it feels like to read the second novel in the series because I had seen the HBO ser...more
p1502
aVI really wanted to love this book; it has all the pomp and circumstance of the fantasy novels that I have come to know and love...but none of the romance. There is no doubt that George R.R. Martin is an exceptional writer. This book is chock full of characters that consistently change and develop while still taking action that surprises the reader. The "heroes" you love, and the "villians" you hate are all present with some that even linger in the gray area of indifference or indecision. The det...more
p1503
aVOkay.  I know a lot of people are going to go ballistic at this one.  But I tried.  I really did.  Twice, even.  I will make a single concession:  Martin can write intricate politics like no fiction author I've read.  However, I work for the government.  I don't want to read about political machinations in my spare time, I live with them.  There are three things going heavily against this book for me.1) DetailsMartin can't shut up about the miniscule little details.  I don't give a flying rip what all was...more
p1504
aVNo longer having access to the library, and having much less reading time, I was lent the first three books of the Song of Fire and Ice and have been slowly going through these books in 100+ page chunks at a sitting.  I'd seen the miniseries and it was entertaining.  The book is an enjoyable mature-young-adult-suitable romp with not very much literary value despite the physical dimensions of the book.  There are a few too many points of view however, and some of the points of view are less interest...more
p1505
aVWell, I can see what all the hoopla over this book is about. My wife and I read it for the latest iteration of our own little book club.  And when I say read I mean listened to using our amazing-indispensable-addicting subscription to Audible.  And on that note, the narrator is fabulous.  Okay, my wife got a little annoyed at a couple things but she is always super critical of narrators.  I thought it was great, he had lots of different voices that could be distinguished one from another and it was...more
p1506
aVI think what turned me off most was the hype, because I was expecting awesome characters - all the reviews (that I'd read at the time) seemed to agree. And the characters, while flawed, weren't interesting, weren't alive in the imagination as any decent character should be. Fundamentally, it may be a conflict between what this story is - or at least, is starting to be - and the vehicle through which Martin is telling the story. That is, it's a political epic told through discrete viewpoints of c...more
p1507
aVI think if I read this before I watched the show (which is something I am usually passionate about doing) I would have given it 5 stars.  The show was very accurate and close the book - I would put it up there with the Lord of the Ring movies as being one of the top adaptations of a book. This is in sharp contrast to another HBO series in Trueblood.  I figured this would be pretty accurate though because a couple weeks ago there was an article in TIME on fan fiction quoting Martin as being very pr...more
p1508
aVI would have to say that the best part of this book was the fact that Martin made sure the reader understood the motivations of all the characters--even the 'bad guys', who were less bad guys than just people who had a different agenda and different belief system.  I admire that in a writer, when it is so easy to just write a story with a good guy and a bad guy and everything the bad guy does is because he's bad, not because he's trapped in a loveless political marriage, or was taken as a hostage...more
p1509
aVI both read and listened to this fine, dense fantasy (superbly read by the actor Roy Dottrice) after watching the HBO series. Dottrice's audio reading was by far my favorite, the book second. [The TV series, while above average, was marred by silly, gratuitous and sexist (only the pretty young women and an occasional buff man are naked) sex and nudity not in the book, which has plenty of both more central and true to the complex plot.]Contrary to the HBO series in which some of the teen characte...more
p1510
aVI read half of this book years ago after a friend recommended the series to me. At the time I got bogged down by all the names and houses that I had to keep straight, and I often was frustrated with the author for the order in which he switched from one character's story to the next. Nevertheless, when I started watching the HBO series, titled "Game of Thrones" after the first book of the series, I wanted to know more so I decided to download the books in audio format. Well, I am now well into "...more
p1511
aVLoved the TV series so read the book. I haven't read much fantasy, not because I dislike the genre, it's just something I've never really got into. The Game of Thrones TV series is very faithful to the book which means that it was like rewatching the show with added background and description. That's not a bad thing, I love George R.R. Martin's fictional world, it seems real and complete and he has created some of my favourite fictional characters, characters which you are genuinly upset when th...more
p1512
aVI thought this was a great series beginning. I don't often pick up traditional fantasy series for adults any more -- there's way too much boring world building that goes on, and so many of them are just the same tired themes over and over. I think there are some interesting themes that are going to continue to play out in the next few books. 
p1513
aVI\u005cu2019ve been admittedly slow in reading this book, but only because I have been watching the TV series on HBO at the same time and I didn\u005cu2019t want one to get too far ahead of the other.  The season finale was last night on HBO, so I finished the book tonight and am ready to write.  I am absolutely in love with BOTH the book and the HBO series.  They are both masterpieces in their own right.  With this in mind, I will write my review first, followed by a few brief notes regarding some of the differences b...more
p1514
aVI'm going to try and make this short and sweet: this book rocks! I know, I'm a bit late to the party but late is better than never and I am really glad I got a chance to read this book. A Game of Thrones is a very good fantasy novel in my opinion and it's how a fantasy novel should be. However, with that being said, I understand that this book is not meant for everyone. If you are looking for mages in dark cloaks hurling fireballs and casting lightning down to strike their enemies, stay far away...more
p1515
aVI originally read online reviews for this series of books and had mixed feelings about buying it. The novel is dark and it seems that everything bad that can happy to the heroes of the book happens. Death, betrayal, maiming...it just seemed to worsen for them throughout the book. The story though is absolutely fantastic. This is not a book about mythical creatures and magic (though some appear) this is more about the people and how they grow. The story can be depressing but it keeps you complete...more
p1516
aVI would give this book 3.5 stars if it was an option. I enjoyed it a lot, but I had heard so many good things about it before I started reading, and I found myself somewhat disappointed. Martin's prose is nothing too remarkable- in some places, it was downright bland. Certain events in the story seemed forced. But my biggest disappointment was in the characterizations. I just could not get interested in some of the characters, especially Daenerys. Actually, out of all of them, the only points of...more
p1517
aVOne of my friends recommended this series to me, because they swore it was a good series. Little did I know what exactly what I was getting into. This book started my love/hate relationship with GRRM. I fell in love with characters quite easily, and characters I thought I was going to be boring pull 180's on me and turn out to be awesome.My friends would keep asking me how I was doing in the book who I liked etc. I would reply oh its cool "I'm really liking Eddard", not realizing the tragedy I w...more
p1518
aVThe book is wonderful, but Audible's version is oddly edited. Often the last couple of sentences from one section are repeated at the beginning of the next after the recording break, so when I'm listening, it sounds like the narrator is repeating himself. And for some reason, the end of part 3 (the book is broken into about 8.5 hr audio units) and partway through the first section of the beginning of part 4, at least 5 minutes of a scene are repeated.  Perhaps this is actually done in the book fo...more
p1519
aVWow! I'd heard great things about the HBO show based on the books, so I thought, why not? I'll give the books a try first. Then I cringed at the almost 700 page length of book 1 (I love long books, but I'm busy!) and thought, okay, I'll give the first page a chance, but if it doesn't suck me in, I'm putting it aside.Well, it sucked me in!! I read this book over the course of a week and gladly would have read it straight through in two days. It was terrific!! I love the supernatural elements, the...more
p1520
aVThis is certainly an interesting book, and not necessarily because of the storyline. After finishing up some great writing in books like The Thirteenth Tale and The Art of Fielding, the writing in this one was extremely simple and straightforward. No clever turns of phrase or eloquently woven sentences. However, the story was interesting enough that it didn\u005cu2019t really matter.But, it\u005cu2019s an incomplete book. I knew that going in because it\u005cu2019s only part one of the series, but it was still a very unsatis...more
p1521
aVThere is not much left to say about this series. I, along with so many others, thoroughly enjoyed it. The world was so fully constructed you have yourself questioning whether it is a piece of nonfiction. The size of the novels are intimidating, but I found myself completely immersed in the world that I didn't notice the length. I thought it was a great move to have such short chapters; it really made the huge size easier to digest and allowed me to read in small segments whenever I had time. Hav...more
p1522
aVI hate this book.  So much so, that I couldn't put it down.  What I mean to say is that I was so passionate and caring about the characters - the story was so good, and unique - it lands somewhere in between sci-fi and historical fiction.  The characters were so interesting to me - and I got so attached to them - that when the author arbitarily kills off any one of them, it upset me... hence, the statement, "I hate this book".  I never thought I'd get through it as it is very long... like the other...more
p1523
aVThis book felt like it had potential to do cool things, it really did. Both times I started, it did. But after really struggling and plodding through to a point where I just couldn't keep going, I have to conclude that this just isn't the book for me. Though I did get 100 pages further than last time. So big ol' pat on the back for me with that.So, about what I did read..I hated the characters. They were either flat and boring without any distinguishable traits that were endearing, or they were...more
p1524
aVBecause I was well aware of the "vivid" descriptions of sex and rape before I started this book, I chose to listen to it on CD (though I followed with the book at times, as well) thinking that I could gloss over these scenes and save my poor innocent soul. When I did come to them, however, they were clich\u005cu00e9 and mechanical, and clearly limited to the fantasies of a man (which caused me to look at the photo of George R. R. Martin, which in turn caused me to shudder, not because I am critical of old...more
p1525
aVTo all the people recommending this book to fans of Lord of the Rings: NO, just no. Stop it. Now.Is it original? Yes. The varying points of view and lack of any clear "good" character are interesting. The deviation from the archetypal plots taking up fantasy shelves should have been a bit of a relief. But it wasn't.Why? First of all: the sex. I don't mind sex being mentioned but good heavens that was way too much and it was super freaking disgusting. Especially brother-sister sex. WHY? I just im...more
p1526
aVThis book is a must read! In it there are seven kingdoms and each one is trying to get more power over the other so that they can get to the Iron Throne and be king of the entire realm! In some of these kindoms have alliances with other kingdoms and some are even within the family tree of each other! But no matter who you are, or what kingdom you're apart of, everyone has one goal and that's power. There are so many battles and fights and wars all going on at once it's hard to keep up with somet...more
p1527
aV This book is really good overall. The overall plot is complex and I liked of the story is taken in by the reader from multiple different views that eventually tie together. What I didn't like about the story is that, sexually, it crosses the line a little too far for me and its just disturbing, secondly there are too many characters introduced all at the same time in the beginning and it seems like it drops straight into the middle of the book because it reads as if u already know the character...more
p1528
aVIt started out slow, but not slower than LOTR in my opinion. But it's quite a good story.I like how Martin keep changing the perspective in the story because it is such a big world. Without the change in perspective, we won't know what other character is doing, hence we'll be missing a lot of things. First I was confused with character's names (I'm still confused though, especially the lords'), but I get used to it, and as I become familiar with them, the story become more interesting. My favori...more
p1529
aVI will admit that I had mixed feelings about reading this one to begin with, but at the encouragement of several other book lovers like me who had read it, I decided to give it a whirl.  I wasn\u005cu2019t unsure about reading it because of the genre, or any negative reviews I\u005cu2019d heard, I was simply unsure if the book would - A) live up to the high expectations I had after watching the first season of this show, and/or B) would be diverse enough from the show to hold me captivated for 694 pages.  In previous...more
p1530
aVGeorge R.R.Martin spins such an intense story that was vivid and beautiful. I have to admit that I did watch the television series first, and I'm kind of glad I did, I'm not particularly good at keeping up with fantasy epics what with all the characters! I do recommend watching the television series first if like me books like Lord of the Rings confuse you a little, the show is actually a really really good adaptation and sticks to the book perfectly, and just helps you put a face to the charact...more
p1531
aVI stopped 15% through. I have not given up on a book in a long time. But this one? I just couldn't do it. I love fantasy, and loved all of the giants of the genre -- except this one. It had some touching moments, yes. When Jon gives her sister a sword before going off to man the wall. It had some captivating moments, like Bran's parkour and then fall of the castle. But the other times the book was highly cliche. I felt like almost everything I'd read had been done before, and better. The only pa...more
p1532
aVBlah blah blah.  You all know the premise unless you have been living under a rock.  Lord Eddard (Ned) Stark is asked by the his old friend, the king, to be his hand when his previous hand dies unexpectedly.  Ned is reluctant, but feels it is his duty to go and soon finds himself embroiled in court drama.  Book one follows closely along with the first season of the TV series.  Oddly intriguing, despite the prose which can be, at times, about as cheesy as it gets.  There is plenty of glistening manhood...more
p1533
aVI can't write review for whole book so I won't even try. All I'll say is that its an awesome book. I am one of those people who watched HBO's Game of Thrones tv series (both seasons) first and then started reading book 1. But reading this book has its own charm. In tv series season 1 you sometimes lack the complete and comprehensive background and get slightly altered versions of some plot lines, which is to the benefit of tv series, but book makes much more sense. As I had seen the tv series be...more
p1534
aVA Game of Thrones follows three principal storylines simultaneously.  Martin has created a masterpiece with this series. Never have I read any novel of any genre with so many characters, all so brilliantly lifelike, believable and richly detailed. He doesn't introduce them too quickly, giving the reader time to get to know and love them, and as soon as a side is chosen, he takes us into the world of the opposing characters, and we come to love them equally! The scope of the series is truly epic,...more
p1535
aVI just finished watching Game of Thrones Season 2 on HBO and am in lull waiting for the next season.  What to do?  I decided read the books.  Oh my, I haven't read fantasy novels since I was teenager, jostling my bag of ten-sided dice. I just finished book #1 and it filled me a new appreciation for the television show. This is how an adaptation show be; take note, True Blood. Having watched the show the book itself was a retread for me.  The show captures all of the important plot points and charact...more
p1536
aVprologue - Gared, Ser Waymar Royce in forest and looking for dead wildings. Go to camp where Will saw them but they have gone. Royce dies in sword battle against the Others.  Will picks up shattered sword to prove to Gared and then he sees Royce over him and his hands tighten around his throat.Bran - young son of eddard on trip to see the beheading (of will.Catelyn - wife of eddard tells him his fostered father Jon Arryn is dead and that King Robert his fostered ward will come to visit.Daenyrys -...more
p1537
aVI bulked at reading this because I didn't want to get sucked into another series.  Well, guess what?  Now I'm sucked into another series. I don't mind so much if I'm reading it as it comes out, but now I have so much to catch up on.  I understand why it takes him so long to write each book.  The histories and relationships between all the houses and families are really complex.  His characters are very well written and fleshed out, but as one of my coworkers observed, he doesn't mind killing people o...more
p1538
aVThis is a solid work of fantasy, and the first book in what is supposedly going to ultimately be a 7-book series.  I enjoyed reading about the characters, and reading about the world Martin invented.  The writing is good, and I enjoyed how the dialog of most characters is very formalized and "medieval".  Perhaps one of the characteristics I liked most about this book is that, although by the end there is magic, and there are some "monsters" as a classic fantasy would have, these are all referenced...more
p1539
aVI listened to the audible version of this because of the popularity of the show based on the series. I will not be reading or listening to any more in the series. It was an exercise in persistence to finish it. I thought of stopping many times but decided to persist to see if it got any better.My biggest issue is there are no clear "good" or "bad" characters. All of the "good" characters are so flawed that it is difficult to entirely root for them. Some of the "bad" characters have such redeemin...more
p1540
aVHBO's announcement that these books will be their biggest TV event prompted me to read the first book A Game of Thrones, and I wasn't disappointed. In fact I was overwhelmed not only by the thickness of the book but also of its sweeping scope. It's so fast-paced especially the second part with many unresolved conflicts in the end, to get the reader more hooked, and to buy the second book. It's a page-turner epic fantasy filled with gazillion colorful characters most of which one will forget if o...more
p1541
aVWhen I started reading this I was expecting it to be more complete fantasy.  While it is fantasy it is a very "realistic" form of fantasy and is almost devoid of typical fantasy trappings such as wizards and magic.  There are dragons but they were barely mentioned in this first volume.  What ended up making me enjoy it so much was the very real world of politics, intrigue, emotions, realistic deaths (rather than the hero always triumphs and lives types), power plays, character development, and real...more
p1542
aVThe novel was pretty good, but it read a little slow only because I had already watched the first season on DVD.  I liked the series, so I was interested in reading the novel and was a little surprised that the novel and the show were almost identical, I mean right down to the dialogue.  On one hand, its great that they stayed so faithful to the story, but on the other it made reading it a little boring because I already knew what was going to happen.  Also, it is very easy to get bogged down by al...more
p1543
aVWell, hell, where do I begin.There's a reason so many people are raving about this book. Mainly, because it's fantastic. Mind you, I mean that both literally and colloquially, as the book is a fantasy novel. Yet it is unlike any fantasy novel I've read to date. It even goes so far as to either subvert or invert a great many symbols of the fantasy genre. To list a few:-The golden warrior. Traditionally seen as a hero, in this novel the gilded armor is worn by a villain, Ser Jaime Lannister.-The N...more
p1544
aVI love this book. I watched the series first and it was really good so i got the book and i started reading and doing nothing much else for 3 days. The tv series follows the book really closely it added a few unnecessary things but im reviewing the book.I loved the way it was wrote from the viewpoint of different characters, it didnt seem to detract from the reading experience as it normally does. I also loved the characters especially Jon and Arya their bond is so deep. Even though its set in i...more
p1545
aVGran historia, un enfoque nuevo de literatura fant\u005cu00e1stica sin caer en elfos, hechiceros y dem\u005cu00e1s recursos que han sido casi estandarizados en este tipo de novelas.Si tuviera que poner un pero a la obra lo har\u005cu00eda con el gran n\u005cu00famero de familias, nombres de caballeros y dem\u005cu00e1s que podr\u005cu00edan desorientar un poco en algunas partes del libro.
p1546
aVFrom the very first pages of the prologue of this book, I was cast into the medieval Westeros, and I couldn't help but wonder. What are these blue eyed creatures? What is this north? What is the wall? Unfortunately, such mysteries weren't explained aside from legend, but such legends were enough to keep me wondering - are these creatures going to become a problem? This was my primary motivation to read, but soon I realized that there was much more to this story, and all of it was stunning.I'm no...more
p1547
aVI'm one of those people who firmly believes that the book will always be better than the movie/ t.v shows, well a couple of my friends had started watching the new Game of Thrones t.v series and really loved it so I decided to see what all the fuss was about and buy the book... I'm pretty sure I've been scarred for life. The book was written alright, but that didn't make up for all of the disgusting things that happened in it. At first I just skimmed past the descriptions thinking that it would...more
p1548
aVFor years I've seen "A Song of Ice and Fire" described as being the "Lord of the Rings" of the 21st Century.  I knew little else about the series, but the favourable comparison to Tolkien piqued my interest and I've finally now found the time to read "A Game of Thrones".  While the book is well-written, tells a great story, and is full of engaging characters, I find the comparison to Tolkien a big stretch.  Martin's style is entirely different, both in terms of writing style as well as genre.  Yes,...more
p1549
aVLiked? Perhaps I had high hopes or I\u005cu2019ve just been out of the fantasy loop for too long, because A Game of Thrones took me way too long to read and for my efforts I was rewarded with a pile of mush. This is one of those rare cases where the TV show might be better than the book. I liked each of the different character voices. They were all very unique and held there own through the 800 pages. I liked how, unlike Tolkien, Lewis, or even Paolini\u005cu2019s fantasy novels, this novel takes the viewpoint from...more
p1550
aVA very gritty story that kicks off this fantasy series with real potential.Unfortunately, for me, I finished this book feeling that the potential I felt at the beginning fizzled out and was not fulfilled. I mean, I love a good dark fantasy novel where there are many political schemes and dark forces mysteriously on the horizon... but I felt that, after the 1st few chapters, only cruel things happened to everyone... It just felt as though the author did not provide any reason for us to hope that...more
p1551
aVThis series had been floating on the edge of my thoughts for quite some time now, ever since HBO decided to make a show from it. I had never heard of it prior. The book was a suggestion for an impromptu book club assignment, so I ordered it and dived in. I think the most important thing to understand coming into this book is that so far there are 5 books (7 intended) and each one has big pages, small print, and a lot of pages, and so far it seems each book grows in the page count. The first thin...more
p1552
aVIt took me long enough to jump on the Game of Thrones bandwagon. I never thought I would read this book. I always said I wasn't the kind of person who read fantasy. It was never  my style.Then I watched the HBO series and loved it. I loved the drama and how so many of the episodes left me with a "WTF?!?!" reaction at the end of each show. It was watching that first season that made me want to start reading the books.This is one of the few books that I'm glad I read after seeing the movie/TV show....more
p1553
aVFirst of all, don\u005cu2019t let this book\u005cu2019s excessive length scare you away. The 800 or so pages are definitely worth the time it will take you to read it. And, I have started watching the TV adaptation as well but I just don\u005cu2019t think that\u005cu2019s as good (the low budget CGI probably doesn\u005cu2019t help).Second of all, I would just like to say how upset I was by Bran being pushed off that tower by those damn Lannisters :/ It was only the 6th chapter perhaps? But by then I already felt bad for the young boy and becaus...more
p1554
aVI'm not going to go too far into this, but I will say my rating probably would've been higher if HBO wasn't fan-f*cking-tastic, and did such a good job transfering this book into the show word for word. Found myself struggling to finish it, just because I had already watched the first season, and was left with no surprises. Game of Thrones is set in an alternate universe, medieval fantasy style, with very little magic mentioned. It follows a variety of different power hungry houses (borderline r...more
p1555
aVEl mundo de los Siete reinos est\u005cu00e1 a punto de estallar en un Juego de tronos.Este primer t\u005cu00edtulo de la serie Canci\u005cu00f3n de hielo y fuego comienza en tierras de Invernalia, el fr\u005cu00edo pero honorable lugar que es liderado por Eddard Stark, Ned para los amigos, donde, de una forma curiosa, surgir\u005cu00e1n las ideas que conforman el futuro de esta primera parte de la historia.La familia Stark siempre ha sido valiente y honorable, en la que todos su aliados conf\u005cu00edan, con buena mente. Pero a veces es necesario m\u005cu00e1s qu...more
p1556
aVI got into this series after seeing the HBO series and it left me conflicted.  On the one hand I would not ordinarily read this type of book - I'm more of a romance reader so the series set me in that direction - on the other hand I wish I had read this book without knowing what was going to happen because there were so many "OMG, oh no he didn't", moments that it must have been fantastic to be reading and not knowing what was going to happen and deal with the many blows this book dealt you.Very...more
p1557
aVOl' GRRM really knows how to keep you turning pages in this book. All of the chapters are fairly short and something significant happens or is decided in each one, so it really drives the action forward. I really got into the story, as tough and disheartening as it was in some places. And I enjoyed the different character POVs for each chapter, although sometimes it was jarring to be absorbed by one plot line in one chapter and then be dragged across country to another plot line in the next. But...more
p1558
aVI watched the first episode of the HBO series and was like, oh hall no. Too. Much. Fantasy..But then I just bit the bullet and decided to start with the books. Oh man. So good. So juicy and epic and fun times. Unapologetically violent and sexual, this series is going to be my next time suck for the next few months. Brace yerselves!!!
p1559
aVI'll admit right off the bat that my introduction to this book series was the HBO mini-series.My girlfiriend urged me to watch it - at first I was more or less interested, not really knowing anything about it (Yes, I know...strange I had never heard of this series).I quickly got hooked however and watched the whole thing - then of course procured the books.A Game of Thrones serves very well at setting the overall mood and tone of what is to come.  You have bad guys, and you have good guys (sort o...more
p1560
aVI have been reluctant to dive into fantasy series since I was a teenager, both because nothing will measure up to Tolkien, and because I probably will not be able to dig myself out of that literary hole if I sink too deep.  This book is the first in the series, and is a lot of fun.  Martin does a good job of making the reader wrestle with right vs. wrong in the series, though some characters are clearly nothing but evil.  His multiple narrator strategy is a lot fun, and at least in this book, most...more
p1561
aVThis is an epic novel that never has a dull moment. I  marveled all through it that George R. R. Martin could create this detailed story of rivalry, love, deception and war. It is told through the view point of several different characters whose lives are intertwined. This book is the first in a series of books. I plan to read them all.
p1562
aVI resisted this book for some time -- as chatter on the HBO series started, as friends asked if I'd read it, as different friends asked if I read it. My boyfriend and I would mull over it from time to time, but we agreed to watch it instead (at some ambiguous later time, when we finish Friday Night Lights or move in together, both of which seem like such unreachable milestones at this moment). I knew that when I read it, it would be on e-reader, and sat in a car returning from the shore with som...more
p1563
aVI saw the first season of Game of Thrones on HBO first and because that broke my usual rule of reading the book before the film, I jumped on this book immediately after the season ended. Kudos to HBO for following the book faithfully and further cheers to Martin for making me compulsively read this first entry in the series, even though technically I knew what was going to happen. The imagination and detailed story lines of Martin's mind are incredible. The battles and liaisons of the ruling hou...more
p1564
aVFor mature readers.  Two students recommended this to me, which had me hooked before I even started.  If you're a fan of knights, castles, intrigue, sword fights, jousting, battles, more intrigue -- you'll love it.  Add a touch of fantasy, some amazing wolves, strong heroes and heroines, and you've got yourself an epic story and the beginning of a very popular series.  Told from the point of view of several different characters (several of whom are children, which is unusual and interesting for an a...more
p1565
aVMy sister and brother recommended that I watch the HBO series, so I did.  I then found out about the books, so I decided to begin reading the series simply to relieve the cliff hanger feeling from the end of the TV show.  I may be hooked on them now.If I had to point out a genre that I love and hate simultaneously, it would be fantasy.  I love where the bending of reality can take the story, and I enjoy the romance and medieval undertones in so much of it.  I can relax and flow along with the plot a...more
p1566
aVIncest, paedophilia and two months wasted over what, a book I'd most definitely cast on my shelf of shame (along with the Twilight saga) if I did own the physical copy of it (I have it on my Kindle).Uh, no thanks. I couldn't finish it. 50% through with it but I can't keep at it. It makes me want to shove pencils in my eyeballs.
p1567
aVI usually enjoy long books, but _A Game of Thrones_ didn't have enough character development and interesting content to keep me engaged, which is one of the reasons why it took me so long to read the book. By the end I was skimming the book and only reading portions that were interesting or that seemed important to the plot. There seemed to be a lot of filler that wasn't particularly enlightening as to character development, history, or culture. Time seemed to drag, and I found myself impatient...more
p1568
aV'A Game of Thrones' sucked me in for roughly the first half of the story -- Martin is a very talented writer who REALLY knows his characters and their relationships and I was genuinely obsessed with them, especially Tyrion, who is arguably the most interesting of the all the characters.Having said that, this book is quite simply too long.  By 600-700 pgs, it really became a chore to finish; personally it got repetitive and at times it became difficult keeping track of all the characters, which th...more
p1569
aVI started reading this book because of watching the HBO series. I never knew this book existed, and I am glad that I have read it. The characters are engrossing, and I feel connected to them. I know a book is going to stick with me when I know I have to wake up at 5 am and it's midnight.....one more page. I was worried that the book would be degrading towards women since I read some reviews on other sites that stated that women were not given a voice within the book. But, what I have seen is tha...more
p1570
aVI first came across this book because of the HBO series. I enjoyed the first couple of episodes, enjoyed them enough to seek out a copy of the book. Now, I normally steer clear of books once I've seen the film/watched the television show/worn the t-shirt, mainly because I have found that only pain and disappointment lay on that path. However, twenty pages in, and I was hooked.The book is huge, not just physically but also in scope. The story is multi-layered, with complex characters, and a well...more
p1571
aVI'm not quite sure how I managed to keep this, unread, on my shelf for nearly three years but with the HBO series kicking off last week, I decided to finally give this a shot after two false starts. Sometimes one just isn't in the headspace to read something and that's the only reason I can think of for putting this down the first two times I started it but this time around, I was hooked from the opening few pages.I love how this story unfolds from various perspectives (though even with a family...more
p1572
aVI like this a lot more than I thought I would. It's much more complex and political than I typically enjoy, with very little in the way of fantastical elements -- another reviewer suggested it might be better called "historical fantasy", and I think you could make a case for that. But I found the characters compelling, the plot generally well-paced, and the writing strong. I've read several reviews that say it's misogynist or uses rape imagery inappropriately, but I disagree. I think that those...more
p1573
aVThe book that Started it all. Nowhere is there a better mesh of "Brand New World" with "This Could Happen." Ned in KL; Dany in the East; Jon on the Wall, etc. The whole story unfolds with stark realism and brutal, uncaring reality. And its fun. The secrets, the past, the present all clashing with amazing results. And the book ends where the reader believes that everything they have read COULD have happened, yet we all know it was fantasy. The political maneuvering was top notch, the caharcetrs g...more
p1574
aV1996 is the year it all changed for me.  I had been reading fiction for two or three years until one day at the local Walden Books I saw a hardbound book that peaked my interest, A Game of Thrones.  Since then, writing has had one man that has stayed King of the Hill for me: George R.R. Martin.  From 1996 \u005cu2018till now A Song of Ice and Fire has been the benchmark for fantasists the world over.  Other authors try to emulate George's brilliant prose, critics share their astonishment at such a masterful w...more
p1575
aVThis book was rather enjoyable.  I will admit that I was a little uneasy about it at first.  I made the mistake of watching the show before reading the book, so I feel that it was less good than it could have been, as I mostly knew what was going to happen.  It impressed me how the show stuck so close to the book, but the book is by far better.  The reason for this is that Martin does a great job at getting the reader into the head of the character.  Never before have I read a book that covered so ma...more
p1576
aVOne noble family, tore apart by politics, allegiance and love set in a fantasy world. The court intrigue and cross allegiance is the heart of the story in the first book. How frail the stability in seven kingdom is when different nobility works for their own interest and loyalty sways along with gold in the pocket. I like the way Martin use different character to show the progression if the story and how we are to piece the full picture based on all the different point of view given. There are m...more
p1577
aVSalman Rushdie said that Game of Thrones (the tv series) was a "well produced garbage" .Don't get me wrong, I love Game of Thrones! I am a big fan of the series and I can not wait for this thing to come to a end. And that's the first issue with  a Song of ice and fire...it never ends! Let's go with the pros and cons:\u005cu2022characters. They're  nasty, cruel, honest, loyal, witty, annoying, cool and more. Anyone in this book looks like a villian, but then you see "good" characters do horrible things. And...more
p1578
aVFirst off, I didn't really want to read this book but my son wouldn't leave me alone.  He WANTED me to read this book, along with the others currently out that are in the series.  I kept putting him off, telling him that I was reading something else.  Finally, I gave in to the persistent-ness of a 17-year old and I have now read this book.  And, I LOVED it!You will probably like this series of books, also, if you like a good juicy book, nice and thick, which has interesting characters with good char...more
p1579
aVDespite all the hype around this book (or maybe it is all around the HBO series), I wasn't really all that impressed.Oh, I *wanted* to be impressed, the breadth of the story is fantastic and the setup was really fascinating. The political machination, the intrigue, the betrayals all make for a very engaging story. I'm interested in the idea of The Wall and I'm entirely curious about what might lie north of there. I'm wondering what is going to happen to the main characters as the series progress...more
p1580
aVThis is the second time I've read this - I gave up at the start of book 3 in 2005-ish, and wanted to re-visit it after the arrival of further books and the two HBO series. I'm still not 100% sure what I think. It took me 20 days to read it, which isn't a sign of massive engagement. Good points are the complexity, especially the inter-weaving of all the ruling families. Up to halfway in, one will need constant reference to the appendices, which does not help narrative flow. Further, I was also pu...more
p1581
aVA short review for those of you who have yet to read this book and don't want the spoilers.I believe Game of Thrones is the first large fantasy novel I've ever read in my lifetime, if not THE largest book I've ever completed. Overall, I enjoyed the read. The plot and setting themselves are pretty fantastic. You're in a land where summers last years and winters last lifetimes. You have kings, knights, monsters, everything you could hope for when getting into this novel. You also get a feel for ea...more
p1582
aVA customer gave me a copy of Game of Thrones at the Blockbuster where I worked back in 2005.  I started to read it but had to put it down, and gave it back to the customer having read only a tenth of the book.  Looking back, I was too impatient of a reader to have appreciated it.  I picked it up again in 2010, before I had any inking of the HBO production.  I am very thankful that I allowed myself to give the book another chance.  This book is driven by deception.  Each player in the wide cast of char...more
p1583
aVI am going to review all the books in one.  I love how detailed these books are, it is annoying to have to wait for the series to end but I love some characters too much too not want to wait for the other books.  GRRM is very detailed, especially in the fifth book.  A lot of people complained about that but I really loved it.  Sure with lots of fine editing the story could have advanced a lot more, but if you get to the point where you care, I crave to know everything the characters are going throug...more
p1584
aVGreat book however, be warned, it is very long and very wordy and has A TON of characters.  It mostly follows 10 or so of them, but there are at least a hundred others thrown in the mix.  Had to keep referring to list of characters in the back of book and even then it is still confusing.  Many of them have similar names and most have nicknames as well.  They are often referred to three or four different ways.  First name, last name, middle name, nickname, title, etc.  If you can wade through all the c...more
p1585
aVThis was one of my crazy reads when school is going on. It was so good that I sacrificed lots of sleep just to manage to squeeze in a few more chapters every night. I still returned the book 3 days overdue. I'll admit that I cheated. I watched the TV series before I picked up this book. If I hadn't come across the show, there would be a lot of elements that I'll have to struggle with, just because the book is a gigantic monster with so many details in it, it's hard to remember everything that ha...more
p1586
aVI liked the novel very much, although I found all the different POV's a little frustrating. No sooner would I get into one character's story than the chapter ended and another character started in. But I'm reading this series to learn how to write political/court intrigue, and this novel is certainly filled with it. Just one book and I've gotten several ideas to use in writing Volume 2 of Rav Hisda's Daughter, Book I: Apprentice: A Novel of Love, the Talmud, and Sorcery. I am also watching the H...more
p1587
aVA great read. After watching two riveting seasons of HBO's Game of Thrones, I decided I couldn't wait for season three and started reading the books. I understand that book one was very closely mimicked by season one of the TV show, but I still really enjoyed the book. Though it did hearken back to my experience watching the show on several occasions, there were probably a half dozen key plot details covered by the book but not the show and about the same number of extra characters introduced, s...more
p1588
aV What new readers can expect:1. There are a lot of characters and it can be confusing early on when they're introduced. It's helpful to have a copy of a spoiler-free infographic of characters nearby that shows how they're related to each other.2. To get a better understanding of the geography of the different battles as well as the strengths and weaknesses of each house, have a copy of the map of Westeros and Essos nearby as you read. 3. There will be violence and lots of death. There will be ch...more
p1589
aVIt's probably a truth universally acknowledged, but I'll state it here once more: it's more fun to read the books first and then watch an adapted motion-picture version of it, than the other way around. I found my own imagine hugely spoiled by this, especially when it comes to the characters. Having read the book, I find that the TV series has followed the book well, and that is a good thing.I've also caught a glimpse of a discussion that is going on about magic in the Song of Ice and Fire serie...more
p1590
aVWow... Long book! I decided to read The Game of Thrones because I am in love with the HBO television show that was based off the books. I read other reviews saying a whole bunch of crap about how they were disappointed in the fantastical elements of the book. Personally, I don't think that a book can be reviewed by saying that it didn't fit well enough into its genre. Just because the book was given the genre of fantasy for the elements such as dragons, doesn't mean you should expect every littl...more
p1591
aVNow, everyone says this book is hard to get through because of the woven plots. I think that's an only partial assessment. It's got fewer plots than it has perspective characters, so its deceiving. The amount of plots troubled me less than I thought it would because there were fewer plots than I feared. What troubled me about this book is how Georgie Martin tended to say that X event happened and all the characters would, in their turn, react to it. Easy enough, until it came to be that Martin u...more
p1592
aVWhen I first started reading it, I nearly stopped reading it. There were too many description and introduction in the first hundreds chapters, and it seemed too boring for me. It actually made sense because the story took over in a fantasy world so some introduction is necessary although a little bit boring. Thinking this, I decided to keep reading and I glad I did so because the further I read, the story grew more interesting. That being said, I still could only give the book a 3-star rating.Ma...more
p1593
aVVor vielen Jahren wurde der wahnsinnige K\u005cu00f6nig Aerys II von Eddard Stark und seinem Freund Robert Baratheon vom Thron gesto\u005cu00dfen. Viele Jahre sind seitdem vergangen und die beiden Jugendfreunde haben sich aus den Augen verloren. Robert ist K\u005cu00f6nig der sieben K\u005cu00f6nigreiche und Eddard regiert den Norden. Nach dem Tode seines Beraters Jon Arryn, dem v\u005cu00e4terlichen Freund Eddards und Roberts, beruft K\u005cu00f6nig Ronbert seinen besten Freund als Hand des K\u005cu00f6nigs. Ned soll mit ihm an den Hof reisen und die Regierungsge...more
p1594
aVI liked parts of it...but overall, I was unimpressed. The main problem is the Daenerys storyline which is tedious at best and a really awful soap opera at worst. And the whole thing drags a little bit which is obnoxious.  The beginning is lovely and I would have been happier if Winterfell and the Wall took center stage.  No such luck.  So I was taken to landscapes that bored me and followed characters I cared nothing about.  The plot spun its wheels and the whole point seems to be an elaborate, long...more
p1595
aVOh wow--that was absolutely incredible.  I tried picking up this first book in the Game of Thrones (well, A Song of Fire and Ice) series, and it was just so heavy and dense and epic that I felt I just couldn't commit to it.  But then I watched the HBO show "Game of Thrones" which was AMAZING, and after figuring out all the characters and the plot, I felt I could dig into the book (usually I do it the other way around).  The show was the perfect intro to the book, and for book #2 I'd like to read it...more
p1596
aVAll right, I read George R.R. Martin's A Game of Thrones and if you know anything about who I am and what I read you may be asking why. Well, even if you're not, I'm asking. I mean what was I thinking? I read Tolkien when I was a kid. But since then I pretty much bitch and moan about anything "fantasy," SciFi, Vampire, or YA. I don't do wizards and knights and lords and ladies. I can't remember the last time I even thought about that shit, and if pressed I'd have to say it was when I watched the...more
p1597
aVBeing that this is my first official review on Goodreads, I figured I would start off with a little bit of a disclaimer:  I determine whether or not I like a book in 3 ways- I find myself talking about it to other people often, I often give up the nightlife of a young 20 something to go home and read (very cool) or I will stay up way past my bed time just to finish a chapter (sleeping is high up on my list of priorities).  With that being said, I really liked this book.  I had gotten the recommend...more
p1598
aVEu que nem vou muito com hist\u005cu00f3rias de guerras, lutas de cavaleiros, etc... Gostei bastante deste livro! Achei, de longe, bem mais interessante que o Senhor dos An\u005cu00e9is (eu at\u005cu00e9 gosto dos filmes, mas os livros... s\u005cu00e3o mais aborrecidos). Talvez seja por as personagens femininas estarem tamb\u005cu00e9m muit\u005cu00edssimo bem retratadas! Recomendo!:)
p1599
aVWhat can I say...  I am a sucker for books with maps in the front! I would like to give this one 3.5 stars. I prefer to have a happy ending, and I just can't see where the happy was/will be for this story. Of course, I will continue to read them since I now feel the need to know how it ends. I hope that it gets better (and by better, I mean happier). It definitely sucks you in, and makes you want to keep reading. I just wish I had received a little bit more reward for continuing.It is well writte...more
p1600
aVReally? This is the book I've been hearing about forever? It had a lot going for it, but not enough for me to be seriously interested in moving on to book 2.  I found George R.R. Martin to be a good writer, as far as actual putting words to paper. Most fantasy these days is abominably written, and this was a more than welcome change. Also, there were big pet wolves who killed people and stuff. Always a plus.  I also really liked the whole Dany story-line. She was very Cleopatra-like in a way, and...more
p1601
aVI really just couldn't get into this. I had to force myself to read the first 200 pp and I just found the themes to be a bit too heavy-handed and the plot a bit predictable. It has some interesting characters, particularly Jon and Tyrion, but most of my interest in those characters has already diminished because the author doesn't trust us to understand their complexities while simultaneously refusing to do anything other than tell us that these characters are complex. Martin rarely shows us any...more
p1602
aVWorth the investment of time. I started watching the HBO series based on this book but gave up after about ten minutes because I couldn't figure out what was going on. When an acquaintance assured me that I would love it, though, it was too late to watch the series, so I started reading the book and was hooked in just a few pages. This was one of those books that had me cheering for the good guys and hoping like mad that the bad guys get what they deserve--they don't always, and sometimes the go...more
p1603
aVI don't normally read books of this genre but given all the buzz, and my interest in the television show, I thought I'd give this one a try.  I really liked the narration style of this book, each chapter following the story of a different character.  I thought that helped to keep things interesting and to keep the reader on the edge of their seats.  I thought the character development was really great, giving us enough insight into each character to understand them and their motivations, but leavin...more
p1604
aVA surprisingly gripping tour through a fully-realized world. Martin manages to drop us into a world of complicated and constantly shifting alliance with a merciful lack of leaden exposition, and while this is a best-read-on-Kindle book for its length, it never drags. Martin may not be a masterful prose stylist (if "show, don't adverb" isn't a saying, it probably should be), but he's a fantastic yarn-spinner.I certainly wish I hadn't spoiled the ending for myself (by reading about the HBO series)...more
p1605
aVI had saw the series first which was amazing and lovely and intriguing as hell. So after the series end and a feeling of despair settles in, I bought the book so I can relish again the story. I never care much about fantasy before. I try to get into LOTR, but without success. I think I like something with the YA feels to it, which is why my preference is more to that. The other fantasy series sounds something like an old bore or someone who fancy they want to be an old bore would write. So the w...more
p1606
aVA fantastic read. A Game of Thrones builds its world through a very large cast of well-characterized, recognizable-yet-strange, flawed-but-real human beings. The novel maintains a break-neck narrative momentum until the very end.  It is at once cinematic and deeply internalized (I have not yet seen the HBO adaptation).  Despite the large ensemble, characters are unified by familial traits, which often are repeated across generations (e.g., the uniform need of the Stark children to grow up before t...more
p1607
aVIf this first volume sucked me in and kept me there for so long then I shudder in anticipation of the next ones.  I haven't read a lot of epic fantasy that I've liked in awhile but "A Song of Ice and Fire" has always been recommended and I figured it was high time I started since I really want to see the HBO series.  I was at the same time warned on various points as reasons that I wouldn't like it.I loved it.  I loved the world, I loved the intrigue (it reminded me of the Dune novels in that way)...more
p1608
aVThere is a distinct lack of female orgasms in this book.There. Now that I've, hopefully, piqued your interest about the focus of this review, I'm going to start slowly, teasing you with tangents, exploring the book's sensitive areas, before peaking - or, perhaps, not peaking - with a discussion of the lack of female orgasms in A Game of Thrones.Typically, shallowly, I was drawn by good looks alone. Never underestimate the effect our eyes have in decisions of this nature. I confess that I was mos...more
p1609
aVCompletely absorbed in this book - almost done with it.  Surprised at some of the extreme harshness and violent turns of plot, but glad to be reading an author who can seriously throw me for a loop.  Martin doesn't telegraph any of his plot points - that can be a rare thing.Definitely picking up the next book in the series.
p1610
aVAfter watching the TV Series I was pleasantly surprised to find that the book was actually much superior to the show.  Of course, the book fills in much of the interior thinking and feelings of the characters in a deeper and more fulfilling way.  Yet, for having watched the series, the book was satisfying and a page turner right to the end.  I'm not sure I've ever read a book that incorporates so many of the 'classic' themes in literature.  It's definitely a 'sweeping' sage along the lines of Lord o...more
p1611
aVAlthough I generally shy away books that are mostly about fantasy politics, I decided to read this one because of the high praise it received from friends. It was much more exciting than I expected and hard to put down.There are a lot of names and places to remember, but the author has thankfully included a map and an appendix of characters at the end. Despite this, the vast ensemble of players in the book still slowed me down, and it took a week to read, which is quite slow for me, with flippin...more
p1612
aVI'm not sure what my thoughts on this would have been if I had read it without seeing the TV show. When I started reading I had seen 8/10 episodes, so I have no independent construction or imagining of the characters outside of the way they look on TV. This is not necessarily a bad thing, but it's a different thing. I torn through the first 500 pages or so on a giant 14 hour plane ride, which is the sort of setting this book is made for, in my opinion. I really like the first half of the book mo...more
p1613
aVLoved the book. But I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because it just depressed me so much! I hate the Lannisters! Except for Tyrion of course. And I'm trying to like Cat, but her reaction to Jon and her idiotic move in kidnapping Tyrion based on Littlefinger's word just make me want to hit her! That guy creeps me out! (Littlefinger, not Tyrion. I love Tyrion!)Oops, I think I went off track - yes, so bad things kept happening, and continued to happen till the end of the book. Though, I think I'll g...more
p1614
aVAs a matter of chronicling my opinion of the much-talked about Song of Ice and Fire series by George R. R. Martin (what is it about authors and multiple middle names?), I shall write a review of "A Game of Thrones". In the interest of keeping the review relatively spoiler-free, I shall simply say what I liked and did not like.What I Liked:- memorable characters. Each of the Starks, Lannisters, Baraethons, Targaryens, and even some of the random characters are mostly unique and have some memorabl...more
p1615
aVI give this book high marks for plot, character development, and point-of-view. Seeing this sprawling tale from the vantage of several diverse, sometimes opposed characters gives the reader unexpected insight that keeps the story intriguing. That said, even though it clearly ranks as one of the best of its kind, this is essentially a fantasy epic. There are swords galore, as well as kings and knights and multiple references to steel and armor and chain mail. If you love these things, then you ar...more
p1616
aVI'm glad I had to read this for bookgroup, or I never would have gotten past the first 100 pages. They were terrible. Waay too many names, places, history, etc. shoved into nearly every paragraph. Also, some of the most ugly, graphic and disturbing things happen in the first 100 or so pages. I stopped after that deciding not to finish it. Then I broke down the day before bookgroup and read the last 600 pages just in time, and I'm so glad I did.There are many characters to love and many to hate....more
p1617
aVThis was chosen due to it appearing on my TV soon.  I always prefer to read the story before I see an adaptation.  When it arrived I was more than a little daunted.  It's bloody massive!I'm surprised I hadn't heard of the book before the adaptation.  It seems to be heralded as a fantasy milestone.   I haven't dabbled in the fantasy genre for that long I'm totally out of the loop.The book is chopped into easy digested chapters.  These chapters tell the tale of about 5/6 of the main characters.  It's a go...more
p1618
aVWell, I can't say that I didn't enjoy it, because I did. I can't say that I didn't hold my breath for the characters, because I turned blue in the face a few times. I also fully admit that I'm heading to the library tomorrow to find the second one. That said, if I had a nickel for every hackneyed cliche George Martin employs in his writing, I'd be able to pay off my car loan. Seriously: "cut like a knife?" "Her glance was cold as ice"? Come on. It bugs me when fantasy novelists can put together...more
p1619
aVLoved it obsessively!  Best landscapes and cool places since Tolkein.  A wall made of ice 300 leagues long and 700 feet high that protects the rest of the continent from the creepy Others?  I want to go to there! (that's a 30 Rock quote).  And that's the first of many super cool places, cities, and castles.  Lots of gray characters with great stories.  Wonderful history.  You can go completely OCD on the details of each and every character/their house/bloodline/their colors/their armor - or you can jus...more
p1620
aVOh my god, I love these books. I do have to warn you though, unless you can make peace with the fact that 75% of the characters you love are going to meet a bitter, bloody end.. don't bother.They're dark, depressing, and frankly a little gross sometimes.. but they're brilliant. I wish he would put out the next one already.
p1621
aV4 stars because I truly believe waiting six years or more between books is way too long if it is a series. Other than that, I am a fantasy girl. It doesn't matter if the plot has been rehashed redone chewed up and spit out. Fantasy has been around since before the bible, there is only so much new you can get. It's written by a man so it reads like a man. Expect sex, drugs, and if it is a chapter with Davos then probably a bit of rock n roll as well. Martin is t kind to his female characters, but...more
p1622
aVI would give it 3.5 actually. Writing is good but unremarkable. The plot is great. It's divided into chapters based on characters, so it is pretty POV heavy/cinematic. The show hews pretty strictly to the book, so it's almost a bit of a repetition to read it now. However, this makes me feel more productive than watching the entire first two seasons again because it's so awesome (which I will probably do anyway). I hope I will outstrip the series once I get into the next one...A few character thi...more
p1623
aVI started reading this series about 5 years before the HBO show started grabbing headlines.  I\u005cu2019m usually not that into fantasy novels, but this series is really well done.  I think what appeals to me is the magic aspect of things is kept to a bare minimum so it is more of a middle-ages story of kingdoms and political backstabbing rather than mythical orcs, ogres, elfs and all that other made up stuff that Tolkien pioneered and everyone else tries, and usually fails, to imitate.Everything about the...more
p1624
aV\u005ct"...[A] mind needs books as a sword needs a whetstone, if it is to keep its edge."  And that is how Lord Tyrion Lannister suddenly became my new favorite character.  Vulgar, profane, drunken, and whoring, he is nonetheless highly intelligent and witty.  As nothing has been expected of him since he was born a dwarf, "The Imp" steals the show.  Whether Martin intends for him to become a hero later in the series "A Song of Ice and Fire" is yet to be seen UNLESS you have been watching the hit series on...more
p1625
aVI am totally speechless. It's a very, very long book, but it's totally worth it. I'm so glad I found something that's on par with Harry Potter (and there are several more books before I have to go hunting for another great series!). I've heard that the biggest complaint about this book was that Martin had some trouble writing the female voice. I believe that the narrator speaks through women more so than men in the book, and it was extremely believable. Daenarys, though, was a bit too self-aware...more
p1626
aVFor me, this book is on the level with the Harry Potter series, and that is the highest praise I can give it. George R.R. Martin does an impeccable job of writing a story with multiple viewpoints and an even better one revealing clues of connections along the way. He builds up the characters in such detail that the reader truly forms bonds with them. Anyone can relate to main plot-line of the Starks of Winterfell, be it a daughter living in a world of fantasy, a mother sending her son off to war...more
p1627
aVThis is not a fair review. I picked up this book after I had watched the first two seasons of the Television series on HBO. I enjoyed the show and wondered what the book would have to offer. I always assume that the book will be better than the movie (or, in this case, the TV series). With that in mind, I couldn't wait to read all about the details that were left out of the show or just to see how different the two were likely to be. I was quite disappointed.They're almost exactly the same! Ther...more
p1628
aVFinally finished the first Game of Thrones. What can you say about such a compelling book. Can't wait to start he next in the series.
p1629
aVEste es un libro que le\u005cu00ed despacio, y al que le dedique su tiempo, y creo que esta forma de leerlo es la mejor para disfrutarlo al m\u005cu00e1ximo y no perderse nada de las muchas cosas que suceden.Los primeros cap\u005cu00edtulos de la historia son algo confusos ya que se introducen una gran cantidad de personajes, adem\u005cu00e1s se nos cuenta sobre el mundo de los 7 reinos. Pero incluso as\u005cu00ed desde el primer momento te atrapa; y esta introducci\u005cu00f3n, aunque un confusa, es necesaria.Los cap\u005cu00edtulos est\u005cu00e1n narrados en tercera pers...more
p1630
aVI've been looking for otherworldliness in my fiction lately -- hard times in reality have made me want to inhabit a place that isn't our world. A big, fat epic fantasy-ish book is just the thing. But it has to have all the right components. A Game of Thrones has the following:- Too many characters to really keep track of. The Sers and the Lords and the knights and their wives and their children (both true born and bastards) have their entrances and exists and you just have to start to take it on...more
p1631
aVI had more fun thinking about how I was going to blast this book in my review of it than I actually had reading it.I guess I'll start out by saying that I am not one to normally read fantasy, so that might be one reason I couldn't enjoy reading, but most of the issues I had with the book couldn't be excused for being merely a fantasy element. The characterization was severely lacking. George R. R. Martin is now slightly famous for being the man who kills off his characters in his novels, but tha...more
p1632
aVI've never really been a reader of fantasy (or of plot-driven genre fiction in general), so my review lacks the expertise that many of the other reviewers bring. I read this after watching and really enjoying the HBO series and had heard the TV adaptation was very similar to the source novel.In short, it is very similar. Much of the dialogue is lifted directly from the book, and, while the novel's many chapters contain more detailed backstory and are told from the point of view of specific chara...more
p1633
aVI started watching the TV show, Game of Thrones, a couple of months ago while visiting friends. They let me borrow the first season on DVD, and I watched it in less than twenty-four hours. I was hooked. I decided to read the books because even though I already knew what happened in the first season of the TV series, there were still a few things I wasn't clear on.A Game of Thrones is not your average fantasy novel. It's gory, full of sex and drugs, and the characters are so believably real, you...more
p1634
aVWhen I first read this I read an excerpt in which the Lord Stark is with his older sons when they discovered the direwolf cubs, and I completely fell in love with Jon Snow's character. That scene although narrated from Bran's point of view captures Jon's nature which is reinforced throughout the novel. However, this novel was not about Jon Snow, the illegitimate son of Lord of Winterfell, Eddard Stark, and my supposition that it was led me to not allow myself to take in the novel in as a complet...more
p1635
aVStarted off thinking this was more of a historical adventure fiction book, but along the way it gradually shifted to a more fantasy environment. I guessed introducing more mythical creatures is how the author expand the possibility of the storyline in this series.I think the characters in this story is very well made, almost all the people mentioned have a tad bit of difference in their personality which makes the story much more interesting. From the charming to beauty, honorable to cunning, kn...more
p1636
aVI tried to read this book for the first time about a year or so ago before it became popular becuase of the tv show.  I struggled really hard to get through it and thought it was boring.  I started reading the wheel of time series finished it and then picked this book back up after that and fell in love with it.  Wierdest thing.  I think maybe the dry reading of wheel of time (which i love) prepared me for Mr. Martin's style of writing.  Hes not really a fantasy writer, to me he seems more of a regua...more
p1637
aVGeorge R.R. Martin had been on my reading list for a while, primarily to see what all the hubbub was about. Discovering HBO was going to run a mini series I decided to read the book before it hit the small screen. Martin is probably one of the best when it comes to character development, almost to the exclusion of loosing the plot lines in the characters. For a fantasy book the fantasy element is introduced in such small amounts one wonders if this isn't more of a historical fiction of Britain s...more
p1638
aVMichael, the man who never chooses favorites, has read all four of these books twice and plans to read them again when the next one comes out. I think he has chosen a favorite!As a supportive wife, I picked up this book over Christmas. At first, I was put off by the huge number of narrators. In general, I do not like books with more than two or three narrators, and I really prefer books that only have one narrator. I also prefer shorter books with simple but thought-provoking stories over 800-pa...more
p1639
aVOk, I'm hooked.  A great epic, fantasy tale with heros, villians, boogey men and WOLVES (real ones, not 'Twilight' ones).  I started watching the HBO series, got a few episodes in and realized as great as the show was, I'd rather be reading it.  The show was very true to the book, all the dialog is straight from the novel.  So I picked up reading where I'd stopped watching.  Of course, the book is better.  There are so many names, characters, and places that it simply helped to read and become familia...more
p1640
aVI have a pet peeve about books in a series. While I love the idea of more books being written about interesting characters, I hate getting to the end of a book (particularly one of 800 pages, small print) where out of about 8 characters, only one's story is resolved (and just because that character died). Frank Herbert and Anne McCaffrey managed to give very satisfying endings to their books within a series, yet still do a good enough job that you wanted to read more. I found this lack of pay-of...more
p1641
aVThis book had the benefit of being everywhere in the zeitgeist, right now. Most people I know have either read the book/series, seen the television show, both, or have at least heard of one or the other. So I was predisposed to love this book, but I had many of the common gripes that I've seen, most prominently that there are so many characters it's hard to care about any of them, which I actually think is only partially true.For the most part I thought good and evil were very clear cut, which I...more
p1642
aVNot a particular deep read but very good nonetheless. I flew through the first book in no time at all.However, steer clear if you like quick resolving of conflicts. At the end of the first book (800 pages) there is very little closure and a ton of setup for the later books.The pacing can be a bit annoying at times. I enjoyed how the book followed several overlapping story-lines, but the end of the chapters always leave you at the climax of the scene which does not get resolved until sometimes 20...more
p1643
aVI finished this 800-page book in less than 2 weeks and plan on reading the whole series (those that are currently available, anyway).  It's so much fun to get immersed in an epic fantasy series, especially if friends and family are also reading it and you can have endless discussions about the books.  George R.R. Martin's Song of Ice and Fire series has had a dedicated following for years, but I had not been terribly tempted to read the books because I'd heard that they were gory and that a lot of...more
p1644
aVFor a long time, I had pondered whether or not I would want to read this series even though many people had said that this was "THE BEST FANTASY EVER!" ... I decided, why not, I love books and as long as it's fantasy, there's a big chance I'll like it. So I decided to buy the first three books (A Game of Thrones, A Clash of Kings and Storm of Swords pt. 1), when destiny decided to sell them to me through amazon. I was not expecting much of it, but when I got through the first few chapters (for m...more
p1645
aVI was hesitant to read this book having watched the HBO series.  At first I was disappointed as the series was quite true to the book and I felt that I had seen the opening scenes already.  But as the book continued, the breadth of character backstory and additional details that the series had to (understandable) omit made this a great read.  Sometimes you love a show and wish there was more.  Here was the more.  Also, being familiar with the general plot allowed me carefully review certain lines fro...more
p1646
aVLike so many other reviewers, I wouldn't have thought something in this genre would interest me, but this book rises above category by dint of solid writing, well-considered complex plot lines that respect the reader (ahem, take note you daft Lost writers), and characters that I want to follow.  As a cherry on this cake, after reading this, i could immediately check out the new HBO series to see how the creative people there imagined the world and the people.  Again, I found great respect by HBO i...more
p1647
aVI was turned onto this book by the TV show. Hoping that like always it would be way better than what I had currently found a love for. I'm pleased to say that I'm not disappointed. Both are great. The show sticks close to the book better than some I have ever seen which made reading the book all the more great for me. To have faces to put to the names and people I grew to love as I read. The book follows just as it states a game of sorts. The drive of kingdoms and men to select a king to the thr...more
p1648
aVIn my make believe world, Kerry King from Slayer would start a side project called Kingslayer and record a double concept album inspired by Game of Thrones. The album would be entitled \u005cu201cThe Red Keep\u005cu201d, and the cover would feature a painting of the castle at King\u005cu2019s Landing decorated with severed heads. Here\u005cu2019s the track list.The Dog\u005cu2019s-Head Helm of Sandor CleganeDefender of the ValeHungry Like the DirewolvesKarstark WarhornsYou Win or You DieBronn, Sellsword of the DamnedShaggydog in the SepulchreVa...more
p1649
aVI keep reading that this series has "redefined" the genre and is different from other epic fantasies, yet no one explains HOW.  I'd like to know.The majority of the book seems to be foundation for the seven-book series.  However, instead of long bits of exposition--what the few other fantasy or science fiction books I've read use for foundation--Martin creates an intricate story of nobles playing "their game of thrones" (as is repeated multiple times throughout the book).  Each chapter is dedicated...more
p1650
aVHands down this is the best fantasy series ever made.  The characters are so real and so vivid.  The plots are so twisted and complicated.  The writing is superb.Centering around the world of Westeros, these books tell the mega story of the time surrounding the next great 'winter'.  With the king dead (murdered), people are vying for control of the throne.  Plots and intrigue abound as people conspire, plot and fight for control.  Unfortunately the people of Westeros are unprepared for the dangers tha...more
p1651
aVIn a land where summers can last decades and winters a lifetime, trouble is brewing.  The cold is returning and in the frozen wastes to the north of Winterfell sinister and supernatural forces are massing beyond the kingdom's protective Wall.  AT the center of the conflict lie the Starks of Winterfell, a family as harsh and unyielding as the land they were born to.  Sweeping from a land of brutal cold to a distant summertime kingdom of epicurean plenty, here is a tale of lords and ladies, soldiers...more
p1652
aVA friend of mine suggested I read this book while I was living in Hawaii.  I had always liked fantasy but I wasn't gung ho about it.  Nothing had really screamed at me that I HAD to proclaim just how awesome fantasy was before.  Then I read this book.Every single time I have read it, I have seen another layer revealed.  The characters are believable, the world is rich and easy to become lost in, while the intrigues beg to be unraveled.  It is more like historical fantasy than it is what people consid...more
p1653
aVI used to read a lot of fantasy but hadn't in years. When I mentioned this at my local bookshop, they said, 'Try this'.It took me a few chapters to get my head around the many, many characters, but I am glad I did. The story is full of plotting, revenge and violence, but also family, love and honour. Slowly, the characters draw you in. I love Tyrion and the fact that female characters rarely sit about in towers just waiting to be rescued. I haven't seen the TV series, but I can understand how th...more
p1654
aVThis book will take up quite a lot of time to read but it is worth every minuet. It took me about 100 pages to understand every thread but was interesting from the start. Telling the story from different points of view means that it is difficult to get into however once you understand who is talking it makes the book even more enjoyable. I have also found that depending on your personality you may or may not become attached to certain characters. I liked this aspect because it made the book feel...more
p1655
aVI spent quite a while staring at the blank screen in front of me to come up with a fitting estimation of A Game of Thrones by George R.R. Martin. Should I compare it to the classic Lord of the Rings for its impressively epic scope? Would it be best to focus on the honest, often painful humanity of the many characters \u005cu2014 so rare in a fantasy novel \u005cu2014 that personalizes each point of view? Perhaps I could impress some readers here with the sheer brilliance of a plot that weaves so many seemingly disp...more
p1656
aVA Game of Thrones by George R. R. Martin is an epic high fantasy novel that changed the face of its genre. The first volume in his series, A Song of Ice and Fire, it is truly dark and compelling read with very strong characters. It is also the first truly post-modern of its kind, with a heavily literary element of character driven tales that could well appeal even to those who don't like Fantasy novels.It and its many sequels are, however, serial cliff-hangers that often have years between volum...more
p1657
aVThis 1996 book is a medieval soap opera. Set in an undefined non-Earthly location, a huge cast of characters plots, battles, kills, makes love, betrays, eats, dreams, and so on. There seems to be no overriding goal or objective other than the attaining and retaining of political power. I can see how it has spawned a successful television series, because it never ends. In TV, we want to keep tuning in week after week to see what our favourite heroes and villains are up to. A Game of Thrones is "D...more
p1658
aVfirst i saw s1, then i read the booksomething i normally don't do ; but hey - you can't get always what u want...not so much more details in this book than in the series so i think they did a wonderful job transcribing itlike they say : the sopranos meet Tolkienbut i can't help balancing it with another series i just read (Herbert's son pre-saga of DUNE) and must say that one is more elaborated, has better language (more difficult sentences) and overal - leaves more to fantasy (of the reader) th...more
p1659
aVKnihu jsem \u005cu010detl a\u005cu017e po shl\u005cu00e9dnut\u005cu00ed seri\u005cu00e1lu, kter\u005cu00fd je s\u005cu00e1m o sob\u005cu011b vynikaj\u005cu00edc\u005cu00ed, a trochu jsem se ob\u005cu00e1val, zda se mu z\u005cu00e1\u005cu017eitek z knihy vyrovn\u005cu00e1. Mohu \u005cu0159\u005cu00edci, \u005cu017ee ano. Kniha je mnohem obs\u005cu00e1hlej\u005cu0161\u005cu00ed a uv\u005cu011bdom\u005cu00edte si souvislosti, kter\u005cu00e9 v\u005cu00e1m v seri\u005cu00e1lu unikaj\u005cu00ed a ani p\u005cu0159i obezn\u005cu00e1menosti s d\u005cu011bjem se neztr\u005cu00e1c\u005cu00ed nap\u005cu011bt\u005cu00ed a poutavost \u005cu010detby. V obou p\u005cu0159\u005cu00edpadech je p\u005cu0159\u005cu00edtomna sympatick\u005cu00e1 drsnost, p\u005cu0159\u005cu00edmo\u005cu010darost, nezaobalenost ambivalentn\u005cu00edho, krut\u005cu00e9ho sv\u005cu011bta, ale charaktery postav jsou trochu posunut\u005cu00e9, u\u005cu017e jen d\u005cu00edky rozd\u005cu00edl\u005cu016fm v\u005cu011bku. T\u005cu011b\u005cu017eko \u005cu0159\u005cu00edct, zda m...more
p1660
aVI'm a little later than I would like to this series, but I was really impressed with the incredibly rich world Martin has created. I loved the amount of detail he put into the history, the customs, the culture, etc. And I like how, given the complexity of past events, there aren't large chunks of exposition - you kind of piece together what happened from tidbits here and there (admittedly, some tidbits are larger than others). It keeps things compelling and doesn't slow down the pace of current...more
p1661
aVIf anyone has been considering whether or not to start this series--I'm talking about people who, like me, are lukewarm at best towards the fantasy genre as a whole, but recognize there has to be something to anything that's made into a premium channel series--I have only this to say: Better be ready for violence, sex, and sex in your violence (thank you Bush). I'm not sure whether this is just me as a first timer madre or all parents world-wide, but I find the gory death of babies and children,...more
p1662
aVA very slow read for me.  It took a long while to set a steady pace reading this book and I believe it will be the same with the other books.  It's intriguing enough that I'll be wanting to finish the whole series just because I want to know the ending, though one can cheat and read the plot summaries at Wikipedia but as a bibliophile that's not acceptable.  I have this principle of "finishing what I started", though my enthusiasm will depend greatly on how the story goes.Anyway,  this books series...more
p1663
aVViolent, disturbing, gory, depressing, and yet so thoroughly engrossing I couldn't stop reading.  Definitely not a gilded fairy tale version of medieval life, the good guy doesn't always (actually rarely) win, treachery and fear rule.  Characters so vivid you love and hate them fiercely.  Plot unpredictable and frustrating in a way that makes you work for every development rather than floating along.  Basically the best word I could use for the book is intense.  Hard to recommend - many of my friends...more
p1664
aVOne of the best books I have read in a long long time. It is challenging to follow up front, but just stick with it.  The families will start to fall in place and you will understand the key players.  The series is really long, 5 books so far and supposed to be 7 total.  Even being the length they are, I never did feel like it was dragging.  There is very little filler in book 1.  Everything contributes to the overall story, even if it doesn't appear so at the time of reading.   Very well done, I can't...more
p1665
aVWow! Talk about an epic tale: knights, kings, illegitimate offspring, deposed rulers, scheming henchmen.  It's all here.  Technically, this is a fantasy book but it reads more like historical fiction with a touch of the magical thrown in.The Seven Kingdoms have some resemblance to England in days of yore, and the honorable Lord Eddard Stark tries had to keep out of the scandal and intrigue that surrounds his good friend King Robert.  The politics in the kingdom are brutal, justice is final, and tho...more
p1666
aVA friend described this book as a "soap opera with swords," and that works for me.  Characters you hate, a few cnaracters you like, and a few you love to hate. You'll hate Joffrey, you'll hate his Little League mom and her lover. A bleached blonde marries a horse but, but the marriage doesn't last. Pair of sisters, one a whimpering girl who read the gowns and balls part of fairy tales, the other read the swords and dragons parts. I've dubbed the second Buffy the Lanister Slayer; she'es the girl w...more
p1667
aVSince this is one of my favorite series(es) to come along in a while, I would like to say that this book hooked me from the beginning.But ... it didn't.  Oh don't get me wrong, I grew to love the world, the story, the intrigue.  I grew to love seeing it from the viewpoints of many different characters, both 'good' and 'evil'.  I grew accustomed to the fact that I had best not get attached to anyone, because Martin has no qualms about culling his cast of characters.Still, I had to struggle through t...more
p1668
aVI found myself reading Thrones throughout these past few days with a certain knowing but happy distance.  It flows really very nicely.   With 4 books to go in the series I\u005cu2019ll be most interested to see if Mr. Martin can improve upon this first work.Also there isn\u005cu2019t much FANTASY to Thrones, at least not in this first book.  It\u005cu2019s a fairly straight forward work and although there are \u005cu2018the undead\u005cu2019 and \u005cu2018trees with faces\u005cu2019 Mr. Martin isn\u005cu2019t anywhere near the actual fantasy elements that are prevalent in such...more
p1669
aV I'm about to lose some of my geek cred here: yes, I gave "Game of Thrones" 3 stars. I am somewhat conflicted about this book; I would love to give the promise and direction of the story 5 stars, but I am having so much trouble with the organization and pacing of this book that my enthusiasm is quite dulled. The general plot combines elements that I rather enjoy under most circumstances: ethics, politics, mystery, a bit of horror, and a notion of nobility. Magic and mysticism peek through once i...more
p1670
aVGRRM has been on my TBR list for ages, and after watching the first season of Game of Thrones on HBO, decided it was time to jump into this series that everyone is raving about. And have to say that I loved it. I had to keep putting it down so I would not blow through it too fast. There is love, and honor, and deceit, and loyalty, and jousts, and war, and family, and duty, and obligation, and arranged marriages, and war horses, and kings and queens and traitors, and the Others. And oh, yes, dire...more
p1671
aVMy entire take on this series can be summed up in one phrase: just good enough to keep reading.  A certain inertia sets in.  Once you realize you've already read 600 pages, you figure, eh, what's another 600.  Next thing you know, you've plowed through 3000 pages of this stuff (or whatever the current page count is).  I strongly dislike the jumpiness of the narration; that, along with Martin's compulsion for plot twists, makes it nearly impossible to be invested in any of the characters or the story...more
p1672
aVGreat literature it is not, but this certainly was a compelling read that I'm glad I finally got around to. It is so much better than other epic fantasy series I have sampled (*cough* Wheel of Time *cough*). And although the 3rd person limited point of view alternates between the experiences of eight major characters, I found the action easy to follow and (almost all of) these viewpoint characters to be sympathetic. I'm not sure I will continue to read the series, though, but only because I'm no...more
p1673
aVThe authorGeorge R.R. Martin was born September 20, 1948 in Bayonne, New Jersey. His father was Raymond Collins Martin, a longshoreman, and his mother was Margaret Brady Martin. He has two sisters, Darleen Martin Lapinski and Janet Martin Patten.Martin attended Mary Jane Donohoe School and Marist High School. He began writing very young, selling monster stories to other neighborhood children for pennies, dramatic readings included. Later he became a comic book fan and collector in high school, a...more
p1674
aVI am almost disappointed in myself that it took me so long to finally read Martin's highly regarded "Game of Thrones." However, I am happy too because I wont have to wait years for his next book to release as it tends to go. It is a little jarring, at first, with the many diverse characters and their individual story lines happening one chapter at a time but considering Martin's background as a television writer, his episodic style makes sense. And it works. This presentation through a plethora...more
p1675
aVI think I have had enough fantasy novel for a little while.  That sounds mean, and I don't mean to be mean.  I just have a limit, maybe, and now I need to recharge. That being said, AGoT is pretty impressive.  Multiple plots abound, but I was led through them in such a way that I almost never felt lost.  It is a bit graphic at times but only when necessary for maximum effect.  I thought the depiction of the fantasy setting struck a nice balance between description and familiarity--we are told some th...more
p1676
aVI picked up this book as an impulse buy at my local bookshop over the summer, justifying it as "airplane reading" (though I already had another book for that purpose). I picked it up partly because of all the hype surrounding the TV series which I hadn't seen yet - but wanted to (I read before watching 99% of the time). And also partly because I had overheard an attractive employee recommending it. But I digress. After finishing my other "airplane" book, I started this one. I didn't know what to...more
p1677
aVPros: Political intrigue, fantastical mysteries that are hinted at, potentially interesting charactersCons: Poor character development, vague hints at a past that is actually somewhat important, reads like a dry history book for most of itI can see why people would like this book, I really can.  But there are so many flaws to it that I cannot overlook: by the end of it, I still don't understand the motivations and thoughts of any of the main characters, I still don't understand basic aspects of t...more
p1678
aVI really loved this book.  Clearly, I am not part of the marjority.  I should preface by saying I like ALL fantasy books written like this one(I like kings and wars and the "politics" behind the scenes).  This is my kind of fantasy.  So, I knew I'd like the book before I sat down to read it.I was fuming that it took so long to be published.  I read the books before it in the series in quick order and then waited FOREVER for this installment.  I found it to be in keeping with the books before (and I lo...more
p1679
aVthis is a freakin' wonderful book! Seriously, Martin is a total genius and his work is simply AMAZING!I thought I was done with fantasy after reading Lord of the Rings...but I found out how wrong I was when I saw a game of thrones' HBO tv show...I definitely fell in love with it, and I wanted so hard to read the books... so I bought the first one and... Wow! Love at first read!This book is genial, simply  genial.I love the medieval-like setting, that this novel was fantasy in an unconventional wa...more
p1680
aVHet heeft lang geduurd voor ik dit boek eindelijk heb gelezen, omdat ik steeds bezig was met andere boeken en bovendien met school. Tevens was het boek steeds uitgeleend bij de bieb, dus dat werkte ook niet echt mee.Uiteindelijk heb ik het dan toch gelezen en toen ik eenmaal bezig was en wat verder gevorderd, was het moeilijk om het boek weg te leggen. De vele personages zijn op het begin een beetje verwarrend, maar na zo'n honderd pagina's ken je de meeste personages wel en raak je niet meer in...more
p1681
aVThis is book is not in a genre with which I am familiar, and indeed before it my forays into fantasy consisted of The Hobbit and one book of Lord of the Rings. I must therefore apologise if what I am criticising in the book are simply generic convention. If they are, I may have a battle with fantasy on my hands . . .I could not believe that a book that so thinly veils its misogyny behind a smug farcical attempt to 'empower' women has not come under more criticism. The reason I begun this review...more
p1682
aVTouted as the "American Tolkien" George Martin's epic tale begins well enough, with ominous portents that "Winter is coming".  A rich world with a deep history is created with care.  Families, feuds, and intrigue abound.  But, it just ends up being too much.  The book begins to crumble under the weight of the complexity.  There just end up being too many people, with too many betrayals, and, for me at least, too many bad things that happen.  At the end of the first book I felt fairly hopeless that any...more
p1683
aVI so wanted to like this book but alas, I'm in that small percentage of readers who really didn't.  It could have been at least 300 pages shorter and still have gotten the entire plot, genealogy, politics and descriptions presented in a way that could have flowed a little better...all those dang names, what's up with that???  Listing the people who were on every street corner, behind every tree, at every banquet, etc., was NOT interesting, kept making me wonder how many intersting/strange/weird na...more
p1684
aVStill considering what I think... I look forward to reading Book 2... I was really captured by Book 1, the Game of Thrones... though occasionally I wanted to shake the characters, seeing disaster coming when they were seemingly clueless to the obvious (don't want to give this away of course...no spoilers)... never the less, an important quality in a book--to me-- is whether or not I care what happens to the characters... and in this case I do... The characters are complex, their histories woven...more
p1685
aVKing Robert has unified all of the warring factions and brought peace to the realm \u005cu2013 a fragile peace that cannot be maintained in his absence.  When he is fatally wounded in a hunting accident, he entrusts the care of the realm (and the succession) to his Hand, his most trusted advisor and friend, Eddard Stark.  Eddard has only recently learned that none of the King\u005cu2019s children are legitimate, and he urges the King\u005cu2019s councilors to support Robert\u005cu2019s brother.  This suggestion is viewed as treasonous wh...more
p1686
aVI'd seen the first season of the tv series (which is very true to the original) so there were very few surprises in reading this book.  A few things that were confusing on tv were clarified but overall the experience was diminished to become a bit of an ordeal.The historical context of this fictitious world is incredibly dense. Some of the characters in the story seem quite cartoonish (especially Joffrey) but it is easy to empathise with the main characters that act as the point of view for the c...more
p1687
aVFirst, the positives. The majority of characters are believable and the plot is certainly reasonable. Martin does a good job of creating a world that the reader can get into and characters the reader can identify with. Of course there is the element of the supernatural and magic, but one expects that in books like this. As for the negatives. Like some other reviews I've read have said, there is an awful lot of gratuitous sex and sexual references. While some people may like that, to me it detrac...more
p1688
aVThis book was a reread for me. A friend of mine gave me a copy 5 years ago and I read the series then. Now that it's an HBO series, I've been seeing the books every where and thought I would hop back on the bandwagon. Unfortunately, these books are so detailed and have so many inter-related story lines being told through individual characters that there was no way for me to just start reading where I left off. That being said, I remembered most everything as I read and remembered my reactions. T...more
p1689
aVOhhh my goodness, I had no idea how much of a nerd I really was until I read this book and LOVED it. I have to admit, I never would've found out about this book had it not been for the HBO series, but I forced myself to finish this 800-page monster before I watched the show...well, I did sneak a couple episodes ;) I make the proclamation that I am not a huge fantasy-fiction fan, but this drew me in because it is more period  drama than fantasy, IMO. I loved how it jumps from different characters'...more
p1690
aVI feel it only appropriate to temper the following review with a disclaimer describing my bias for this series.  Foremost, as a child, I grew up reading the Dragonlance novels by Weis and Hickman.  These high fantasy novels have inherently predisposed me to the "sword and sandal" storytelling which Martin embraces so thoroughly.  My perpetual interest in such tales of dragons and magick was further stoked by the Lords of the Rings trilogy in my late teens/early 20s, thus adding to my bias for this...more
p1691
aVI don't typically read fantasy books, so maybe I'm not a good judge of what is a good one and what isn't.  However, I did enjoy this book, although it was long (to state the obvious).The prologue really didn't set the tone for me; in fact, I struggled with the first fifty pages.  As I got further, I found that it was a sleeper interest, and all of a sudden, I caught myself enthralled with the story.I really liked the different point of view approach on the chapters.  It was really interesting to se...more
p1692
aVWhat happens when you buy a book with the sole intention of reading it to watch the TV show?You stumble upon one of your new favorite books and completely forget about the TV show.I didn't have high hopes going into this book. I'm honest, and I'll admit that. I had previously read the Sookie Stackhouse series before/after watching Trueblood and found the books simple and at times (all the time?) predictable and cheesy (though sexy). I expected the same of A Game of Thrones A Song of Ice and Fire...more
p1693
aVI'm not really one for the Fantasy genre, so when my sister recommended George R.R. Martin's "A Song of Fire and Ice" series years ago, I put it on the back burner even though I was intrigued by its beautifully poetic title. I'm somewhat ashamed to admit that what finally motivated me to start A Game of Thrones was being forced to watch the first 2 episodes of the HBO series by some friends (I have a strict policy on always reading the book FIRST) and just had to know what happened next. That be...more
p1694
aVIf you like books where everything ends up "happily ever after" and is all sown up into a nice package at the end, then look elsewhere. I decided to wait a while to review this book.  Because it didn't end the way I wanted it to, my gut reaction was 4 stars.  However, I did know going in that this is truly one story broken into 4 books, I stepped back and looked at it as the first quarter of a story.  I could not put this book down, and though I would have given it 4.5 stars if it was an option, I...more
p1695
aVO "Grze o tron" us\u005cu0142ysza\u005cu0142am dopiero, gdy HBO rozpocz\u005cu0119\u005cu0142o kampani\u005cu0119 reklamow\u005cu0105 serialu na podstawie sagi. Obejrza\u005cu0142am pierwszy odcinek i si\u005cu0119 zachwyci\u005cu0142am, zachwyci\u005cu0142am si\u005cu0119 dos\u005cu0142ownie wszystkim. Bohaterami, Siedmioma Kr\u005cu00f3lestwami, zim\u005cu0105, kt\u005cu00f3ra nadchodzi i z\u005cu0142em, kt\u005cu00f3re budzi si\u005cu0119 na P\u005cu00f3\u005cu0142nocy.Czym pr\u005cu0119dzej, wi\u005cu0119c si\u005cu0119gn\u005cu0119\u005cu0142am po ksi\u005cu0105\u005cu017ck\u005cu0119 i... rozp\u005cu0142yn\u005cu0119\u005cu0142am si\u005cu0119 w zachwycie! Wykreowany przez autora \u005cu015bwiat, postaci, ich historia s\u005cu0105 po prostu genialne. Czytam du\u005cu017co, ale rzadko zdarza si\u005cu0119 \u005cu017cebym ksi\u005cu0105\u005cu017ck\u005cu0119 licz\u005cu0105c\u005cu0105 850 stron poch\u005cu0142o...more
p1696
aVThis book had me laughing and swearing and wretched with suspense for pretty much every single page. George R.R. Martin has always been one of the staples for fantasy novels, and now I understand why. At first I was turned off by the multiple viewpoints and the rapidly increasing amount of names to remember (in fact, I still probably don't know most of them. This is a huge cast of characters, after all), but the plot moved along so fluidly and the characters who were important were so striking t...more
p1697
aVHBO has been long promoting the highly anticipated Game of Thrones series, and, if you read the novel, it is easy to see why. "A Game of Thrones", the first in Martin's "A Song of Fire & Ice" series is an epic fantasy tale that twists and turns like the dragons of old.Set in Westeros, "Thrones" tells the tale of several of the leading houses of the 7 Kingdoms, and their individual bids to gain power or, simply to hold on to what they already have. The book made me think of Ken Follett's "Pil...more
p1698
aVA Game of Thrones is a tight book in a large package. The scenes are precisely executed so that the reader knows every scene is written for a purpose. The ends of every chapter are works of art that keep you going not only into the next piece, but on through that to see what twist he will leave you with next. His characters grab you right from the gate, showing you this will be an emotional ride that doesn\u005cu2019t fail to deliver right to the end. Even his minor characters always have something specia...more
p1699
aVSo the first 100 pages were a pretty tough slog...and I don't know that I would have stuck with it if it hadn't been a recommendation from my pseudo-brother-in-law.I'm glad I stuck with it--the first 100-ish pages were tough because there's no continued narrative for maybe 6-8 chapters, as each new chapter introduces a new set of characters, or assumes the perspective of someone introduced in a previous chapter, but not really continuing the storyline introduced in the previous chapter.  Plus the...more
p1700
aVWell thought out characters, deeply intricate and twisted plots, and richly expressed scenery, Game of Thrones has all that and more. This was one of those books that I had difficulty putting down, and I suspect I will have the same problem with its sequels. If you love reading fantasy, this is a must read.
p1701
aV(attention reader: I'm going to assume that Game of Thrones is old enough that either you've read the book or seen the show. Also, I can't spell.)Wow!! I had no idea that I would fall in love with a book so hard!! And a super long book at that!!This book took me weeks to read. Weeks!! Not just one or two but 4 or 5. I seriously, didn't know if I would have the patience to read such a big book. But after sticking with it, I am so glad that I did. I have to admit that in the beginning, I was extre...more
p1702
aVIn the past few weeks I've both watched the first season and read the first book of Game of Thrones. Right now this series seemsubiquitous. Almost everybody knows about Game of Thrones and I'm so behind on reading/watching it I kinda wondered if I should even bother with a review. But I spent HOURS on this book, morning, noon and night so by golly I was going to post something.I enjoyed the book. While I do wish the book was shorter, I understand it's length. The world is very detailed and welld...more
p1703
aVI don't understand why everyone is so excited by this series.  The first book is OK, but not anything that made me think, "This is amazing!  I want to keep reading!"  Usually a book that captures my attention will take me less than a week to finish.  Game of Thrones was a book I could put down for a few days and pick up later.The characters are interesting and varied, which is nice, but at the same time, I felt that George R.R. Martin's writing could sometimes be tedious.  The descriptions of food be...more
p1704
aVI read this after I had watched the first season of the tv-show and was disappointed that I had avoided this book for so long! It's totally up my ally in reading material. Because I had watched the TV show and the show is so accurate to the book some events I was obviously reading faster through or skim reading because I already knew what was coming and spoiled the effect. However I really did enjoy this and the many characters featured in the universe. The world is very believable and so famili...more
p1705
aVThis was one of those books that I was really looking forward to. I would have probably enjoyed it more probably if it weren't so hyped. I did enjoy it as a read, but I sadly did find it a bit of the predictable side. The author isn't exactly very subtle with his foreshadowing. Elements of the plot were rather obvious, such as what happens with the dragon eggs.The author has a couple of weird quirks also. He seems quite keen on describing very closely what the characters are wearing. He also has...more
p1706
aVExcellent character development above all else. If you only read GoT and make a character study of it, you'd be amazed by the diversity. In that sense it feels very real. The plot twists and political agendas of each individual seem very realistic and give the story momentum. Rhetorically, it's not the most well written piece I've ever read, but that could detract from the story, so it doesn't miss out on anything. Characters + Plot make this a must read. Only fallbacks are sexually explicit sce...more
p1707
aVI honestly feel rather guilty about giving up on this book, but after a while, reading this started to feel more like a chore than anything else. I will attempt to explain why, because I know that this is a well-loved series.First of all, this book is advertised as being "high fantasy" akin to the likes of JRR Tolkien, but the fantasy aspect seems almost invisible in this story. Sure, there are mentions of dragons and those with "the blood of the dragons" now and then, and of course there are th...more
p1708
aVI'll begin by saying I don't think I've ever read a book quite like Game of Thrones. It's thrilling and intriguing and the plot is intricate.There are so many characters it's difficult to keep count. However, each one is unique and memorable. Game of Thrones is a story about a kingdom which is slowly falling apart. Winter is coming...and it could last for years, bringing not only bitter cold weather but also death. As Eddard Stark, Lord of Winterfell in the north, discovers secrets and scandals...more
p1709
aVEPIC. A Masterpiece.  Legendary.  You will laugh, you will cry, you will fall in love and you will ache.The author builds the world up so realistically that at some points you forget it is fantasy and think you are reading historical fiction (particularly since I suspect the Lannisters are based on the Borgias).  Many people may find a book this length daunting (I know I initially did) but let me assure you, it flies.  You will reach the end before you know it and you\u005cu2019ll want to jump straight into t...more
p1710
aVI read the iBooks version of this novel and also listened to the audiobook version.  They complemented each other nicely and also complemented the first season of the HBO series "Game of Thrones."  I was a little surprised (although in retrospect, perhaps I ought not to have been) that there was less sex (and often in different places) in the novel than in the series, although the series is a very faithful adaptation of the content and the spirit of the novels (at least the first season mirrors th...more
p1711
aVmy review isn't a complete critique of every aspect of the book, but I just wanted to mention a few points. Normally, I would not pick up books from this genre, but I really enjoyed reading this one. Like many people mentioned, it is a bit tedious at times especially when you're just starting (and are unfamiliar with the character/place/item names).I also think the characters are very stereotypical in terms of kings, knights, lords, good guys, bad guys, but overall the writing style is engaging...more
p1712
aVLoved this book! Could not put it down.  The characters are so real and so different.  Tyron is hilarious and so interesting, love Arya and Robb and even Ned... Even though some of his decisions were infuriating! Can't wait to find out what really happened with the targaryens (sp?)... Love all the little hints that maybe Robert and Ned were actually in the wrong. I thought the little slices of battle scenes from tyroin and catelynns point of view were interesting, and catelynns love for Robb and h...more
p1713
aVNow that I've read through all of the books in the series published to date I understand the characters and the world Martin has created better than in the first book.  The characters act from their own motives, some of which are not evident to the reader until they take action.  Martin has a tendency to kill off characters you like unexpectedly, so be warned.  There are so many characters that Martin can let some languish for a whole volume while he works on other parts of the story.  Although a fe...more
p1714
aVWriting: 10/10Characters: 8/10World: 10/10Ending: 9/10Plot: 6/10Originality: 10/10Overall: 7/10**Note: This is actually 3.5, I'm still not sure if I should bump it up to a four or not here on Goodreads. :)Times are very troubling here in Westeros. In the North, Lord of Winterfell Eddard Stark has just been selected as Hand of the King by his own friend King Robert Baratheon. But he will learn that the court of King's Landing is filled with violence, betrayal and political intrigue. On the other...more
p1715
aVHaving already watched Season 1 of the HBO show, I was half-inclined not to read the first book in the series.  I'm glad I did.  While the show was pretty true to the book (at least for Season 1 - from what I've heard, Season 2 deviates quite a lot from A Clash of Kings), I got so much out of actually reading it.  For one thing, there are so many characters, especially young men of the Caucasian appearance in the Seven Kingdoms, that I didn't even really understand who Renly and Stannis Baratheon w...more
p1716
aVNot a bad story, and I can understand why people really get "into" this series, but I think Martin relies on cheap narrative tricks to keep his audience reading. Each chapter is told from the perspective of a different character, and the chapters end right as there is some kind conflict or decision to be made.  It skips around like a choose-your-own-adventure, except you don't get to choose.  I found my self reading chapters out of sequence -- paging through the book to find the next chapter in a...more
p1717
aVIt's a good thing I watched the two seasons on HBO while I was in Houston with Matt, because I don't usually pay that much attention to character names when I'm reading. I'm only up to page 350 of Book One, so how slow will I be going when I pass the point of HBO? Finished! Reading was so much more informative than watching! Getting to hear their thoughts, relive their memories, having the inside-the-head voice re: their suspicions. Oh, and being able to re-read a line if I want to.Too bad I am...more
p1718
aVIn this book, George R.R. Martin creates an imaginative, occasionally disturbing, and incredibly real world that's length hardly phases a reader because the numerous plots keep them constantly enthralled in this almost medieval world. I watched the series before reading the book, and I would also recommend the show and feel the need to mention that it is one of the rare television or movie adaptations that I feel have handled a book well. The book enabled a deeper and more complex connection to...more
p1719
aV A Game of Thrones by George R.R. MartinMy rating: 5 of 5 starsEPIC work from GRRM! The stories are interwoven greatly yet simply enough. It might take some time to get used to the long list of characters, but once you are done with that, you might not put the book down until it is finished. And even when you are done with one book, there's another one, waiting for you to raise your hunger for reading.Look forward to read the next book eagerly.View all my reviews
p1720
aVIt would be more fair to say "the show is exactly like the book" than "the book is exactly like the show"- but the former is the order it went for me- I watched the show first, and then read the book- but basically, scene for scene- it's almost exactly the same as the HBO series, from whichever way you look at it.... and I don't say that as an insult mind you- it's fantastic- I loved the show so much, that's WHY I read the book- and the book was kind of like rewatching all the episodes---- only...more
p1721
aVI mainly bought this book because I happened to spot it in the bottom corner of a shelf in a book store and I remembered that a TV adaptation had been made. Having not seen the TV adaptation, I thought I might read the book instead.I'm glad I did. I very much enjoyed this novel. The wide range of characters and the huge, expansive background and setting made it highly engaging. I'm not normally a fan of fantasy novels simply because a lot are cheesy and full of bad magic and dragons. "A Game of...more
p1722
aVI was hesitant to start George R.R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire series because of the daunting numbers of pages associated with it, and the fact that the novelist is not done with it yet and has a history of 1). Taking a long time between books and 2). Being old. Alas, with the HBO series receiving high praise and my wife's unyielding pestering, I relented and picked up A Game of Thrones, simultaneously throwing away the next 4 months of my reading life. However, having just completed the bo...more
p1723
aVAdictivo. E inesperado. Sabes, por supuesto, que habr\u005cu00e1 guerras, lances, caballeros, traiciones y actos heroicos. Pero las cosas nunca ocurren como esperas. Los buenos no siempre son los que triunfan. Los malos no siempre son los que mueren. Ni siquiera es claro quien pertenece a cada bando. Como en la vida. Los personajes se van creiblemente construyendo, poco a poco, a cada p\u005cu00e1gina de una absorbente lentitud que no aburre nunca.Cada cap\u005cu00edtulo se narra desde el punto de vista de un personaje difer...more
p1724
aVI got into this via the awesome HBO Series and thoroughly enjoyed the first volume so much that I have purchased the others in the series and have them ready to read. Even the filmed version has an issue with the amount of characters that he introduces but to sustain the battlefronts that are building up to happen (as the ownership of the crown is to be decided on several battle fronts) he needs the all. And he is not scared to kill off major characters!I'm happy that he took the time (chance) t...more
p1725
aVWarning: I'm assuming everyone has seen the HBO show so I'm not going to any special lengths to hide spoilers. First of all, let's just start by saying I think his initials are incredibly apropos: GRRM. Cuz motha fucka is GRIM. A. Characters/ViewpointMartin does a great job with characterization, and has an excellent grasp on his point of view. POV can be incredibly difficult to stick with throughout, and Martin does it better than anyone, in my opinion. I remember the first time I read Game of...more
p1726
aVNot quite sure on a lot of the reviews I read here before reading this although I appreciate it is all opinion so here is mine... Make no mistake this book is filled with violence (such as rape and murder and war and indeed I often questioned how many horses must die!!!) but at the end of the day it is a fictional book and if it was all cotton, popcorn, rainbows and kittens living in a perfect world and frolicing in meadows it would not be very exciting!Personally I thoroughly enjoyed this book...more
p1727
aVFor the amount of pages that the book contained, I thought it would take me longer to read. However, I felt as if the story moved right along. I was disappointed by the amount of force George RR Martin threw me into the story as if I would have known all of the characters. After reading about 100 pages, I had to resort to a Cliff's Notes version of the book to make sense of what I had read. Once you are able to corral all of the characters, the book becomes quite a good read, and the world that...more
p1728
aVMy first book of 2012 and certainly a brilliant one.George R.R. Martin delivers the first part of what I will expect to be a masterpiece of novels! I honestly couldn't really fault it when it came to the story. I love the way the chapters are sorted in character order, it broke up the heaviness of the story without confusion. Elements of fantasy, although present, were not overpowering which I felt emphasised the mystery. I found the range of characters impressive, although confusing at times (I...more
p1729
aVI can't count the number of people who encouraged me to read A Song of Fire and Ice over the years. Well I finally picked up the first couple books and began reading, unsure of what I was getting myself into. I was impressed. Martin has a richly complex set of story lines that tangle and weave themselves together. I really loved that it was not X faction vs Y faction but rather X faction, allied with Q faction at the moment vs P faction with Y faction sneaking about while L faction, completely u...more
p1730
aVWhat a beautifully written epic tale. I loved how the story unfolds. Martin does an amazing job character building. There are many heroes, villians and in between.   The good guys don't always win and the twists are unexpected.  I have not yet watched the Showtime series, but I hope it is as beautifully made as The Lord of the Rings movie. Despite the fact that this is an epic fantasy, it is not at all a copy of Tolkeins work.  There isn't a band of misfits journeying to save the world and face chal...more
p1731
aVWell I'd watched the TV show (in the space of 2 days)and I love me some adaptation and trashy historiofantasy so I thought, "you know, whatevs. Let's get on that zeitgeist". Meh. It didn't do anything particularly interesting. I think the adaptation into a TV show might work better for the story than the books do in this instance. I'll read the second one in the series (eventually) because, as all fantasy readers know, the first book is usually made up of lost threads from the Department of Back...more
p1732
aVI entered into this book having already seen the TV show, so that may color my opinion. That said, I loved the hell out of it. I can only think of one complaint, and that is Mr. Martin's fixation with clothes. At times it serves him well. When he describes Tywin Lannister's battle armor, my mind's eye was delighted with its intricate extravagance. However, when he wastes a paragraph giving a full fashion rundown everyone someone walks into a room in King's Landing, it gets a little tiring. If I...more
p1733
aVKind of a fantasy medieval European version of Three Kingdoms: Chinese Classics with the same Machiavellian intrigue, without the historical basis, and a lot more sex and violence.  Will there be the same unforgettable characters and stories? I'll withhold judgment until I read more books in the series, the first book in a series usually is a little more boring because they have to introduce everybody and set the stage, but it's a very promising start.  My fear that it'll just be a lot more sex an...more
p1734
aVI loved this book from the first chapter.This story is epic. Seriously beyond words. The character list is huge. The intrigue so imaginative and yet so real. The dazzling descriptions of the countryside left me wanting to be there. Lord Eddard Stark is the Lord of Winterfell, whose house motto is Winter is coming. The summer and winter seasons don't behave like they do in our world. Winter can go on for years at a time and is a dark time for the realm, whereas summer brings warmth and prosperity...more
p1735
aVThis is a compelling story and well written, although I stop short of the reverence many others seem to hold it in. It diverges from the archetype of the poor, backwoods youth with a destiny - which is a welcome departure. There are a number of intriguing characters who move through a world with a grittier ambiance than the average fantasy novel. However, I feel that Martin falls a bit short in terms of world-building, and while his prose is tight and well-paced his imagery is not as powerful as...more
p1736
aVI read this a while ago, so I apologize to all of you (Eric) for not reviewing it earlier than now.  Game of Thrones is a dense, spectacular saga of a bunch of different houses in a made up land called Westeros.  The story is a solid good vs bad, people doing what is right for each other, bad guys destroying things they don't like, story that is very engaging and involving.  I actually read this book after I watched the HBO version and I have to say it holds up well (the show).  The characters are e...more
p1737
aVI came to the Song of Fire and Ice series after seeing the wonderful HBO serialisation of this first book. My expectations were high and generally met; I still have my favourite characters and they're equally alive in both print and on television.Martin writes fantasy well, but already I'm seeing many of the things he's criticised for by those who've read the full series (to date). His plots are a bit of a procession and he's as guilty as any fantasy author of leaden, heavy, descriptive narrativ...more
p1738
aVI was a little apprehensive when I started reading "A Game of Thrones" because while I love historical fiction, this book was touted as fantasy, and while I've loved certain fantasy books, sometimes they get TOO fantastical.  A pet peeve in particular is when I can't quite pronounce anyone's name, but I didn't have that problem and quickly jumped into the story.And oh, I couldn't put it down.  It reads like historical fiction but not a real history.  Yet it contains the same intrigues as any histor...more
p1739
aVBuen libro. Fantas\u005cu00eda pseudomedieval adulta, sin sensibler\u005cu00edas ni personajes extravagantes. Un mundo y una historia que atraen desde el principio y que permiten volar a la imaginaci\u005cu00f3n m\u005cu00e1s all\u005cu00e1 de lo que relata el autor.A diferencia de otras personas no creo que la violencia o la carga sexual del libro sean excesivas. Se relata lo que sucede sin tapujos, nada m\u005cu00e1s. He le\u005cu00eddo descripciones mucho m\u005cu00e1s cargadas de erotismo en novelas de Follet por ejemplo.En conjunto me ha gustado y continuo con el sigui...more
p1740
aVI LOVED this book!  This is not at all the sort of book I would ordinarily read, but I saw the series on HBO first(did a complete marathon of the entire series in one shot...MAD violent and omg too many animal deaths for me!)  The show is very faithful to the book, so I wonder that I was so engrossed even though I knew what was going to happen.  EVERY character is interesting, whether their actions are honorable or evil.  They are all complex, and even when you pick a side you often feel a grudging...more
p1741
aVAwesome! Great storytelling. Sprawling saga with great characters with lots of surprises in store. Once I saw the HBO series, I knew I would have to read the book so I ordered the set of 4. I loved the series, but I love finding additional, extra infomation from the book. It gives you a broader picture of things, as well as learning some things that weren't filmed. Often when watching the TV series, I didn't understand what was happening but now that I'm caught up with the first book the series...more
p1742
aVWhat a book! This has to be one of the best novels that I have read in a long while. It also took me ages to read both because of the length and the depth that it goes into. I will skip a synopsis seeing as this book has been reviewed so many times before, but there are a few things that I should mention that really caught my attention.1. Characters - There are so many of them that you almost get lost in them early on. However, despite the huge cast, Martin does a fantastic job of keeping them a...more
p1743
aVAmazing.Absolutely amazing.I'll admit, I got into this series after HBO's Game of Thrones series, thanks to Sean Bean and the magic of TV. Before then, I'd seen the books every time I browsed bookstores, but never really had the motivation to pick them up. But - wow. Wow, the first of this series definitely served to build up the world I'd already seen on television, give more depth to the characters I had grown to love fiercely, and give so much more to the plot as well.GRRM's world building sk...more
p1744
aVI got into this series from the HBO show, and I was a little hesitant at first.  Extremely long fantasy books revolving around knights and kings aren't exactly my thing.  But this book can literally do no wrong.  I haven't read books this quickly since the Harry Potter series, and while it is not at all comparable...one is lighthearted and written around children, and this is series is much, much darker...they both contain a certain amount of magic.  You come to know all of the characters, and I fou...more
p1745
aVWhile I did compulsively read Game of Thrones, it took a while to get into, and to be honest it wasn't that great. Aside from the fact that the recurrent theme of willful incest makes me uncomfortable, the truth is I became attached to maybe 3 of the 15 characters in the book, and since the chapters rotate between characters one of the main reasons I kept reading was because I wanted to see what happened next to one of my 3 favorites. Often, I didn't care much for the intervening stories, though...more
p1746
aVA song of fire and ice definitely describes the first of a great series by George R. R. Martin. Game of Thrones is a fantastic start to and epic adventure that draws three separate families into a clashing fight for the throne of Iron. The "fire" and "ice" are the names of two clashing swords and therefore two clashing families, although there is much more to these families then meets the eye, and also the fact there is a third family that everyone else thought was wiped out during battle years...more
p1747
aVWow, what a read. Fantasy is my favorite genre but this actually is my first epic fantasy read that was more then 400 pages. I went back and forth between my paperback and the audio CD in my car. I preferred the book just because the narrator made everyone sound like a 60yr old British man. There are so many different characters you will love and hate. Stark's children are my favorite, it was painful to see them suffer. I want to punch the Lannisters in the face. Anyways, this is gripping and da...more
p1748
aVAn enthralling read.  Once I started this book, I had a difficult time putting it down.  Even though A Game of Thrones is a long book it does not feel long.  The narrative switches between various character's points of view.  Martin executes this technique well and the switching narrative keeps the book moving along.  While categorized as a fantasy, and there are definitely fantasy aspects, A Game of Thrones is in many ways a political story.  Martin creates a medieval world with lords and ladies, all...more
p1749
aVNeeded to get lost in something like this for personal reasons. Very compelling, even masterful within the limits of my experience of fantasy fiction. I put it off for a long time because Anne McCaffrey declared it a "fantistorical," which is neither a word nor an enticing recommendation. 
p1750
aVI decided to read this book because HBO is in production to film the series coming out in April 2011.  The reviews were fantastic and I hadn't read fantasy in a while >>>I was not disappointed.  This was a long book that did not feel like one.  It took a bit to figure out who all the players were, but once you get used to the characters and the writing style, I was hooked.  I especially like the way Martin jumps from each persons point of view and tells the story through their eyes.  I found...more
p1751
aVI'm HOOKED. A friend warned me that the prologue wasn't indicative for the rest of the book, which I took into consideration when reading it. I'm glad it's there and I'm glad it's the prologue, though. Normally the epic political struggle type novels, especially when they include medieval style kingship and king-slaying, aren't really up my alley. There's so much *else* going on here, though. I can easily see why these books have stood the test of time and why they're considered classics. I can'...more
p1752
aVOne of the best books I've ever read. I rarely re-read books, but this one I must have read 4 or 5 times. Totally absorbing, with characters to love and to hate. If there are people out there who haven't read this book yet: be warned! This is the 1st book in a series. Published in 1996 it was quickly followed by book 2 (A Clash of Kings) in 1998 and book 3 (A Storm of Swords) in 2000; like AGOT books of excellent quality. So far so good!  Then it took the author 5 years to complete A Feast of Cro...more
p1753
aVHigh fantasy as it should be, with a narrative twist.  The Martin universe is inventive, yet nicely cohesive with the traditions, symbols, and sweeping metaphors of comparable books in the genre.  The shifting perspectives that come with each chapter (each written from the point of view of a different main character) is unique in my reading experience.  Once acclimated to the disjointed format, a lot of interest is generated from variations on protagonist/antagonist as you are forced to see events...more
p1754
aVSo here I was at a crossroad where the decision was going to determine what it was I was going to be reading over the course of the next year or so.  I knew I wanted fantasy, but there was a balance between realism and magic that I wanted to achieve.  I had a few recommendations from friends, and despite my buddy\u005cu2019s constant pressure to read The Wheel Of Time series, I decided to go with my gut, and buy the first book of A Song of Fire and Ice.And while this decision is one that I may dedicate a ye...more
p1755
aVbeing a great fan of fantasy genre, I am highly disappointed with this one. I have completed half of it and it has not picked up yet. does not likely to do so either. the writing style is unnecessarily complicated. also, i am not sure if that much sex, incest and derogatory description of women is required. I might have been able to live with it if there was a creative breakthrough. with in 100 pages the author seems to have exhausted his creativity pool and keeps coming back to either murder or...more
p1756
aVI'll be completely honest, this was not a favorite. I understand what people like about it and I get that. However Martins series is way too overrun with ramblings and distractions that leave you wanting to skip pages to get back to the, and there were many, good parts. The good in this book were beyond good. The story line, I admit, is meticulous and extraordinarily detailed. Don't come searching for plot holes because there are none. This is a well thought out and executed series and this is e...more
p1757
aVThis was not what I expected.  I haven't seen any of the television series so I had no expectations along those lines.  This was not what I would call a traditional fantasy book.  While there is some mention of magic and mythical creatures, they appear with glaring infrequency.There was a little more sexual reference than I think was needed to set up the plot.All that said, I liked it.  I think that as a series this has a lot of potential.  I'm not sure it will eclipse The Wheel of Time, but Martin s...more
p1758
aVIt's hard to contain myself from fangirling like crazy over how much I loved this book. I knew I was going to love it before I even read it, simply because of the setting I knew it was in and the storyline. I haven't read epic fantasy before, or watched the show, and now I stay up until early hours of the morning watching it and could hardly stop reading this. From the first page, I knew I was going to love it. Like the quote on the cover of my edition says, 'So vivid you'll be hooked within a f...more
p1759
aVSo I will confess that I found this engrossing.What I think I admired about it was not so much the content, which is deliciously complex, but the craft of it all.This is written with each chapter being a jump from one character to another and although you the reader are in possession of all the facts, the characters, which are in different locations, are not.Martin does a good job of having each make the best decisions they can given what they know, but which you the reader know may have disastr...more
p1760
aVThis was the first time that I listened to an entire audiobook. The gruesome violence did a pretty good job at keeping me awake at 4:45 in the morning as I made my hour long commute into Chicago. The plotline was intriguing and the characters were well-developed and interesting. The reason I didn't love this book was because it is supposed to move right into the second novel, without any type of resolution or conclusion of this novel. It ends so awkwardly that one would assume that a chapter had...more
p1761
aVI have spent the last few months on holiday from 'good' books - books that everyone says you 'should' read and which are very often dull and unsatisfactory. I am currently warring and wenching my way through the Seven Kingdoms and having a great time (with the exception of the very duff Feast for Crows...) Genre fiction - crime, fantasy fiction etc are dismissed by 'serious' readers and writers - and yes, they abound with formulae, stereotypes, stock characters and all sorts of flaws but so do '...more
p1762
aV"A Game of Thrones" is a well written tale of family-political intrigue. It builds up to elements of fantasy, rather than slapping the reader in the face with a unicorn. Some characters are more fleshed out then others. The sub-plots are executed with flair. I was hooked reading these book, and I cared very much for many of the characters. However, the morals that govern the world of "Games" seems to let violence go unchecked to the point of too much gore. I don't mind bloodshed in my books, as...more
p1763
aVnot sure if I will go for Book II or not; I have not seen the TV series but maybe I'd like that better; Not really a Tolkien fan but may prefer him to Martin, Book I kinda leaves you hanging and I still may be intigued enough to continue. So far book I was like an R-rated (and sometimes X-rated) Lord of the Rings with more humans.Also, I never knew there could be so many connections between "Elf" and "Game of Thrones". It would make a great mashup.... The "You're sitting on a throne of lies" quo...more
p1764
aVI know, I know I am really super late to this party, but I am here now so that is all that matters :) First off this is a really long book, and that says a lot coming from a person who reads as much as I do, but there is really so much going on that it needs a book this long to tell it all. There is also a very large amount of characters in this story, but those characters eventually all fall into place and you very quickly find that characters that you love and hate. (FYI I love Dany) Each chap...more
p1765
aVBig reputation and big expectations come along with this book. The book is a bit of a slow starter, with a huge cast, and a switching viewpoint every chapter structure that make it hard to get into at first.There are viewpoint characters that I love and viewpoint characters I hate, but I think that's the whole point of such a large cast. Everyone will have their favorite and most despised characters, and the multiple viewpoints gives a clear picture of the big story developing in overall arc of...more
p1766
aVIt's hard for me to really enjoy grand-scope fantasy with multiple points-of-view. I like the feeling of becoming intimately acquainted with the inner workings of one or two characters, rooting for them and cheering them on, and I didn't think I could possibly enjoy Game of Thrones since, as I had been warned, there were a lot of points-of-view. A LOT. And even more characters.But George R.R. Martin makes it work. And boy, HOW he makes it work! I loved this, from start to finish, through the six...more
p1767
aVPertama kalinya aku membaca karya GRR Martin, and I gotta say, I'm impressed. Novel ini menampilkan plot cerita yang sangat character-driven, dengan segudang karakter menarik yang menjadi point of view pembaca, dan lebih banyak lagi yang tidak menjadi tokoh POV tapi sangat besar peranannya. Dunianya pun terasa sangat lengkap dan hidup, sehingga tindakan dan pilihan para karakter terasa sangat masuk akal dan tidak dipaksakan, bahkan ketika kita mungkin belum mengerti seluruhnya.Teknik penulisan d...more
p1768
aVI really enjoyed reading this book, though it is the first book that I have ever read /after/ seeing the movie/show, so it took me a while to read. The prose flow very fluidly, and I never felt like I was reading about nothing important. It seemed like there was a purpose to every last chapter, which I liked a lot. My only complaint is that at times it does lay it on thick with the sexism, which I understand is meany to echo history -- but it's a fantasy novel, not historical fiction, so frankly...more
p1769
aVFIDATEVI, SPOILER BELLI GROSSI QUINDI SALTATE ASSOLUTAMENTE QUESTA RECENSIONE SE NON AVETE ANCORA LETTO IL LIBRO.Spunti per una chiave di lettura. Ora, non \u005cu00e8 che Eddard Stark faccia la brutta fine che fa perch\u005cu00e9 \u005cu00e8 un povero pirla idealista illuso che crede in valori ormai buttati nel cesso dal 99% delle persone. Capiamoci, non \u005cu00e8 che non lo sia (pirla idealista e illuso) ma la cosa funziona anche a certe condizioni cio\u005cu00e8 a Winterfell, dove lui \u005cu00e8 il potere supremo. A King's Landing no perch\u005cu00e9 ci sono...more
p1770
aVI bought this in an airport bookstore because I thoughtlessly hadn't charged my NOOK and I was desperate.  I had heard everyone gushing over the HBO series but hadn't heard any details so I thought it would be a good time to get started on the book. I think I was right. I managed to jump on the bandwagon before any of the secrets were revealed to me either through word of mouth or the show - and I'm glad.  This book has a LOT of plot twists.  Martin is a master at doing the unexpected - seriously....more
p1771
aVI very much enjoyed the medieval political intrigue.  This novel was surprising, in a good way.  Great multidimensional characters, interesting and unpredictable twists, and witty dialogue made for a good read.  A warning to those who like happy books: this is not the book for you.  The level of grit and grimness is quite high.  Still, I thought it was an interesting take on the fantasy genre that so often paints a world of only pure good and pure evil.  This world is gray, which made it more interest...more
p1772
aVAs a fan of the fantasy genre, I give kudos to Martin for a terrific first book in an epic series.  His characters are fascinating, and the chapters are told through their different voices.  (It's hard not to find favorites who you look forward to hearing from!)  So far he seems like an equal opportunity writer in that characters that the reader may grow to really love end up dying...sad but apparently necessary to move the plot forward.  I can't wait to read book two to who lives, who dies, and who...more
p1773
aVWow, I have never had such mixed feelings about a book.  I was totally into the plot.  The characters are definitely interesting.  Daenerys being my favorite I think.  But MAN.  It took me 3 weeks to finish.  Sure it was a long book but I've read 1000 page books in a day, and this one was only 800.   I think the problem for me was the constant change in perspective.  There were so many differente perspectives it was really easy to loose interest.  One chapter Jon's battling ghosts and all of a sudden we'r...more
p1774
aVI will tell you all the truth: I do not like fantasy.  Truly.  I don't know if I'm still scarred by the summer I forced my way through all of Tolkien, but I do know that the barest mention of elves or knights or fair maidens will send me scurrying away.  In addition, I'm not a fan of political intrigue, nor of really long books that start really long series.  So why did I try this one?I don't like the feeling of dismissing an entire genre based on a few bad apples, so I was looking for some good fan...more
p1775
aV"most men would rather deny a hard truth than face it" where to start? lots of characters and story lines...disturbing themes of murder, rape, incest to keep "blood lines" pure, beheadings,  humiliation and degradation...felt some of the characters were more fully developed and interesting such as Tyrion, Catlyn, Arya, Ned, Bran and Jon...Ned for all his "honor" talk still had a "bastard" son...Catlyn was not exactly caring towards her husband's Bastard as she referred to Jon... wanted to give Sa...more
p1776
aV  Couldn't have loved it more. I understand some of the criticism directed at this book, there isn't much here that is truly original and some of the plot twists are fairly standard and conventional. The characters also fall into fairly easy categories, the heroes are easy to love and the villains are easy to hate, with very few characters falling into more complicated, hard to predict, category.       That being said though, I really don't care. I found this book to be an absolute page turner. The bo...more
p1777
aVa brilliant, wonderful world all painted out and ready to live in. It took me a long time to get into the book (considering the book is over 800-pages long, then a long time is about 300 pages). I even read other books in-between. (re-read the whole hunger games series xD) but that's what makes this book so special. It demands effort, and when you know whats happening, and have all you favorite and least favorite characters lined up, the game really begins!I loved Ayra to be honest. From the beg...more
p1778
aVI'll admit that it was the HBO show that first brought A Song Of Ice and Fire to my attention. I spent 2 days doing little else but watching the show, and the moment the last episode drew to a close, I hungered for more. Being lucky enough to live nearby a bookstore, I simply ran across the street. I decided I would pick up not only A Game Of Thrones, but A Clash Of Kings as well, reasoning to myself that if I could read 850 pages of a series, I could certainly read 1000 more.Before this book I...more
p1779
aVComplex plot and nicely developed characters. However, it moved entirely too slow. I was really into the chapters thinking that there would be a big major SOMETHING that would happen in just one more chapter. And then I would pull back and realize that absolutely nothing happened in the past 7 chapters. >_< It really was a good book for people who like this kind of book, and has the patience to put up with nothing happening. Once I finished the book, I went on the wikipedia and realized I...more
p1780
aVHow is there anything to say about this? It's... I've heard it called 'low' fantasy, because it's dark and gritty and realistic, and I suppose that fits as well as any label - because it's certainly not high fantasy, with its wizards and Good and Evil and clear magic.But it definitely is fantasy.It definitely is incredible.It will definitely hurt you.Not safe books. Not easy books. Books where there's a billion important characters and each is an individual, where dead is dead is DEAD and dead *...more
p1781
aVI liked it, even so much to give it 5 stars, yet I somehow can't bring myself to add it to my "outstanding-books" shelf, where it would join the Kingkiller chronicles and some other books I loved. I can't really explain what keeps me from that, but lets me give 5 stars without hesitating... I guess I'm just a big fan of wolves, and the book has a lot of them.To be more serious: I really enjoyed the story, and the world as well. What I liked most about the world was the way magic worked. There is...more
p1782
aVEverything you've heard is true: addictive, long, gripping, rich, thoughtful, deep and, yes, dark. "Lord of the Rings" meets "Night of the Living Dead" in Camelot.Knowing a) I have friends with new books out and b) I need to be reading more in my own crime fiction genre is all that's keeping me from diving deep into the second book ASAP.I began reading this book while the HBO series was airing first-run episodes and finished months after the show ended its run. Frankly, if you're worried about k...more
p1783
aVI remember growing up as the quiet kid, the one who read when he finished his school work. I had a few friends who also read, but not to the extent that I did.As a child, I was captivated by series such as "Harry Potter" and Tolkein's epic "The Lord of the Rings". These books stand out to me because they represent the first time I fell in love with fiction. I was captivated by the characters, mesmerized by the way my mind recreated each scene, and I went through the same emotions as the characte...more
p1784
aVI love this as an unromanticized portrait of the high middle ages -- not just politics, but daily morals and customs, sick as they may be. Kind of Medieval Noir. But it's really just a great, complex, fascinating, *story* about real, 3-dimensional people. The story is based on some deep pyschological portraits, and, ultimately, very few stock good/bad people. I charged through the first five books this summer (about 4,000 pages) and I can't imagine approaching the series any other way, because i...more
p1785
aVOkay, I'm not gonna lie: I watched the first season of the HBO series before even thinking of cracking open this book, and I don't regret that one bit.  I'm immensely surprised at how well the series and the book matched up.  Reading the book almost seemed like reading the screenplay of the series, except better.  But it's not the series I'm reviewing here.The reason I'm glad I watched the series first is because I'm a visual learner, and watching the series first definitely made the plot line easi...more
p1786
aVA Song of Ice and Fire falls into the Epic Fantasy genre along with LOTR. However, that is about all they have in common. Tolkien writes with elegance and grace, focuses on purely romantic relationships, and has (for the most part) a clear cut image of good and evil. George R.R. Martin, on the other hand, has a very blunt (yet still descriptive) writing style which grabs your attention. His story not only includes, but revolves around incestuous relationships, betrayals, assassinations, sex, and...more
p1787
aVGood fantasy read. Martin has some annoying tendencies, namely his unnecessarily graphic descriptions of genitalia and sex acts (It isn't the sex I mind, it's all the "wetly glistening members" that just scream Harlequin Romance), and his seeming inability to allow the audience to guess a character's thoughts through action (every thought is catalogued through internal monologue, which kills momentum and spoon-feeds what I imagine to be a pretty intelligent crop of readers). Now, that said, Mart...more
p1788
aVI'm conflicted about this book.  I give it 5 stars for ambition.  I don't know HOW the author kept all the story lines straight, named the ten million characters, or thought through to four books worth of plot.  I give it 3 stars for frustration level for the same things -- at times it exhausted me, and since fantasy is not my genre, I confess I "just kept reading" even when I was a bit lost.  So I guess that averages to 4 stars, so that's my rating.  It took me a month to get through (and in the mea...more
p1789
aVLong, but crazy good, even with all the milording and miladying, which still makes me giggle. Wonderfully strong female characters, especially for a fantasy novel; seriously, where have you been all my life? Especially when I was a teen? (Maybe I should've asked my local librarian back then.) I started watching the show, as well, and was trying to hold off on reading ahead, but in typical me fashion, I failed and am already starting book two, even though I'm only up to episode 4 in the series, h...more
p1790
aVWith this book, Marting gets the Song of Ice and Fire series started with a bang. The story falls the major houses of the mythical land of Westeros where seasons often last longer than years.Each chapter is told from the point of view of one of the main characters. The characters are normally separated by distance, but they happen across each other from time to time. The trait that wins the day for me is Martin's willingness to kill off main characters. Too often a hero will be surrounded by 15...more
p1791
aVA fantastically epic tale that draws you into a strange world. It may look like ours from the past, but as the story goes on, it proves to be more magical and mysterious than you could have even imagined. I decided to pick this one up after hearing how great the new tv based on it is, and I'm glad I did.  Apparently, the show runners have kept very close to the book, even using dialogue word for word. Case in point: "I want to make the little man fly!" :POne of Martin's greatest strengths is his...more
p1792
aVI can't believe how much I am loving this book. The storyline has sucked me in and def. maintained my interest. I have found I can only read a little bit each night..not for lack of interest, but to keep the story straight, as I plan on continuing on with the series.
p1793
aVThis fantasy novel is the first book of a projected seven in the \u005cu201cA Song of Ice and Fire\u005cu201d series, and a long one in its own right. It follows the byzantine machinations of the lords of the \u005cu201cSeven Kingdoms\u005cu201d and related realms. The main action is in three parts. Ny The Wall (capital T, capital W), the largest structure ever built and the line of defense manned by the Nights\u005cu2019s Watch against the wild lands to the far north. In the capital of King\u005cu2019s Landing and in threads branching out from that loca...more
p1794
aVLoving the book and show. Going to try to do one book per season because I don't really want to go too far ahead. 
p1795
aVI\u005cu2019ve never heard of it before watching the show, I also don\u005cu2019t think I would have enjoyed it as much. I don\u005cu2019t think my imagination could have handled it as beautifully as HBO has. So I owe HBO big thanks for introducing me to this one.It\u005cu2019s been a while since I gasped, shook my head, whisper their words and giggle with a book in my hands. Game of Thrones made me do and more. It was hard to keep up at first, with all the families, the betrayals and the trying to guess what would happen next. I didn...more
p1796
aVA new HBO show is based on this series by George R.R. Martin.  A friend whose taste in movies and books I trust said she read the series and liked it a lot.  Hence, my interest.  I am not sure though if it is a good idea for me to be reading the first in the series and watching the show at the same time.  An ambitious undertaking.  It took me two weeks to finish this 858-page first book in the 7-book series of A Song of Ice and Fire.  And what a ride. And what a thrilling, exciting ride!  After finishi...more
p1797
aVThe seasons here last for years, and it has been summer for a long time.  Winter is coming -- in more than one sense.  Not so very long ago, the old Targaryen dynasty was overthrown and Robert Baratheon installed as king.  But this is what happens after good triumphs and dethrones evil, when the glory has faded and the celebration has quieted:  life goes on, as dangerous and as messy and as difficult as ever before.  The Hand of the King, Robert's closest advisor, has died (some say "has been killed"...more
p1798
aVA Game of Thrones is many things, but there are also many things it is not. It is not your typical Epic fantasy novel. The structures aren\u005cu2019t the same. George RR goes out of his way to ensure that there is no one protagonist, no single 'mentor-figure' and no single 'quest' to complete to draw the whole thing to a finish. In fact, this unsettled me the most in the beginning; there was no real end in sight. There was no Last Battle, no Lord Ruler to kill, no Dragon to slay, no people to liberate. I...more
p1799
aVQuite possibly one of the best books I have ever read!No, that's insufficient, this is not only the best written Fantasy series (by far surpassing Tolkien in my opinion) I've read, it's almost certainly the most enjoyable book of ANY kind. A Game of thrones is the first book in what is truly an epic series (known as the Song of Ice and Fire). Set in island nation not unlike the British isles, which is divided into what were previously 7 kingdoms. Each of the seven regions is controlled by a majo...more
p1800
aVAlthough categorized as fantasy, this book (I am not sure about subsequent ones in the series) is much more akin to fictional Braveheart.  There are a few paranormal pieces, but they tangential to the story.It is a long book ~800 pages, but aside from one subplot, I found the story lines interesting.  My complaint about this book is its lack of payoff (this criticism may be premature since it is a continuing story) for some of the plot points the author had built.  The book has good characters and...more
p1801
aVThis is by far, the best series that I have had the pleasure of reading...ever..... in my entire existence... period.  A Game of Thrones, A Clash of Kings, A Storm of Swords and A feast for Crows are addictive, gripping, character driven novels that tie flawlessly together book after book.  The character development is some of the most superior I have encountered;  I knew mid way through the first novel, when I caught myself actually crying, and then later on when I through the novel into the wall...more
p1802
aVI'm still trying to wrap my head around this story.  The book is the first in a series, I believe the first four are out right now and the fifth is on its way.  The book ended on a major, major cliffhanger.I guess I would describe this book as medieval fantasy.  It is set in an alternate world, where summer and winter are the only seasons and they can each last for a decade at a time.  The book takes place at the end of a very long summer.  Winter is coming, and it should be a bad one.  The Seven King...more
p1803
aVThe first half is entirely devoted to character development and foreshadowing. This gets a little tedious when the firt half is 300-500 pages (depending on the edition). Thank goodness it was fairly well written. You know what, here is a timeline of my thoughts while I was reading this. First 20 pages: "Oh this is gonna be good..."200 pages later: "Sighhhh... ok, Sansa gets screwed again, Arya does more tomboy stuff.. JUST TELL ME WHAT THE F*#% IS IN THE WOODS!!"120 pages later: "Wait, something...more
p1804
aVI guess I only review books I really like.  The others, I spit on.  This is a great introduction to arguably the greatest American fantasy author.  Martin doesn't pull punches and will kill off central figures with frequency if it fits the story.  While some readers dislike this, I think it shows that he is a brave writer and is aware that the tale is easier to relate to if it demonstrates the same random cruelty as the world we live in.  Martin also mutes those elements of fantasy writing that can s...more
p1805
aVI was expecting a fantasy book with lots of magic and good plot. Instead I read a multi-character narrative with many subplots, conspiracy, war games and implicit magic (barely more than hints). And despite the initial shock at the lack of magic the book is so well written I think it couldn't be better otherwise.There are three points about this book that make it THAT good: the perspectives of the "players": some of the main characters get a "personal view" on several chapters with a very deep u...more
p1806
aVI'm not the hugest fantasy fan on the planet, but his characters are so arresting I haven't been able to stop reading them since Brett recommended them to me.  His characters for this series are fantastic and inspire a sort of loyalty I haven't run across in myself since Matilda.
p1807
aVI finally finished it. Whew.One word to describe George R.R. Martin\u005cu2019s A Game of Thrones is tedious. It\u005cu2019s 807 pages with tiny print would surely eat plenty of your time. But once you begin leafing through the book\u005cu2019s pages, you\u005cu2019ll get quite hooked. To be honest, I\u005cu2019m very new to reading fantasy novel of this kind \u005cu2013 where knights, kings, and swords define life, and direwolves were taken in as domestic pets. Sue me but I am yet to read The Lord of the Rings (and probably other books of the same genre...more
p1808
aVU trenutku pisanja ove recenzije traje tre\u005cu0107a sezona serije Game of Thrones, i valja napomenuti kako je ista odli\u005cu010dna za br\u005cu017ee upoznavanje sa \u005cu010ditavim svijetom, pogotovo sa likovima. Djeluje kao skripta za samu knjigu. Kada sam prvi puta po\u005cu010deo pred vi\u005cu0161e godina \u005cu010ditati Igru Prijestolja, znam da mi je vi\u005cu0161e vremena oduzelo kopanje po zadnjim stranicama i otkrivanje kojoj obitelji to\u005cu010dno pripadaju koji likovi, stoga upoznavanje sa serijom poma\u005cu017ee da se \u005cu010dovjek \u005cu0161to br\u005cu017ee u\u005cu017eivi u samu radnju i likove.Sama knji...more
p1809
aV4.5 starsIt took me awhile to finish this..I dropped and picked it up multiple times for there are some things that just bore me and can't visualize at times.I watched the HBO tv series that's now been going for their 3rd season which is fantastic!hooray! this truly helped me a lot they're quite faithful to the book. That's why I decided to listen to this again to clear my confusion.At first like I said I found it boring but then as I tune in for more ,listened to it patiently whenever I got fre...more
p1810
aVI watched the HBO series first, and then I read the book. I think this (achronological) order was a good choice for me because when I read fantasy novels, I often feel overwhelmed and ultimately give up because I have trouble remembering all the characters. By watching the series first, however, I was able to track all the different characters because I had a picture in my mind of who they were, and I had little difficulty following the long and winding plot because I had a general idea of where...more
p1811
aVThey call it the "Modern Day 'Once And Future King'".  I don't know about THAT, (that's a pretty lofty title), but it is definitely worth reading and admiring.Martin does a really magnificent job with the narration and storytelling, especially considering the complexity of the plot and the fact that each chapter bounces around and is told from a different person's perspective.  I actually love that there isn't only one narrator because it keeps this absurdly long and complicated story from being b...more
p1812
aVI am so glad I gave this book a go.  I don't normally go in for Fantasy novels as I normally can't find any connection to them.  This book is different.  I had watched the initial episode of the HBO TV Show and not been too impressed, it struck me as another Tudors or Merlin with tits! However the book and TV series kept coming to my radar as something worthwhile.  The more I read the more intrigued I became until I felt I should give it a go.  I've not been disappointed.My in on this book was the po...more
p1813
aVIt took me a long time to get around to reading this series- for some reason, I could never bring myself to buy it. I watched the TV series first, and I feel this slightly ruined the reading experience for me. The series is quite close to the book, so I lost that sense of surprise you usually get when reading a novel for the first time. Also, Game of Thrones is technically fantasy, but I feel like it's skim-milk fantasy. I don't read a lot of the genre, but it seems to me that half the fun of fa...more
p1814
aVFirst, I am reading this book w/o having seen the HBO show. Yes, it's a long book (800+ pages), but it's a page-turner, and, like the lengthy Harry Potter books, does not feel like its 800-page weight. What I like most about the book is the structure. Rather than organizing chapters by events, Martin organizes them by perspective, by seven different characters, and I'm a sucker for characterization. It's an age of chivalry, of heroes, of knights and ladies, and the primary perspectives are given...more
p1815
aVI'd probably rate this one 3 and a 1/2 stars if I could, as there were some storylines I really enjoyed, like Arya's, Jon's, and sometimes Tyrion's, but others, like Daenerys, I was tempted to skim through. Sometimes, I gave into that temptation, seeing as I have watched the first season of the show and I basically knew what was going to happen in her neck of the woods. When an author has a plot that is as unwieldy as this one is, multiple points of view are necessary, but then he or she runs th...more
p1816
aVAu d\u005cu00e9part, on m'avait vendu \u005cu00e7a comme une saga super politique, du coup, j'avais peur que ce soit chiant. Que nenni ! Ce n'est pas du tout le cas : les chapitres sont tr\u005cu00e8s courts et il se passe toujours quelque chose (\u005cu00e7a en est limite louche : ils ont temps de se reposer dans ce pays parfois ?). J'ai bien aim\u005cu00e9 l'alternance des points de vues, mais du coup certains passages sont trop vite oubli\u005cu00e9s car l'histoire continue toujours d'avancer. (view spoiler)[Par exemple, quand Bran sort du coma et com...more
p1817
aVI usually like fantasy novels, but this has to be one of the exceptions. I know this is blasphemy and I await my execution tomorrow at 12:00. I simply did not care for this book almost at all. Very rarely does something interesting happen and when it does it's so short that it almost seems like it didn't. I do think that George R.R. Martin is a good writer stylistically, but it seems like a lot of this could have been trimmed or cut out. That's not say I don't like long books. In fact some of my...more
p1818
aVEnough! If it were the summer, I might slog on through these giant books, but for now, I'm satisfied to say that I have a taste of what all the fanfare is about. And yes, George R.R. Martin has his moments of writing splendors. Among occasional writing clunkers (sentences) as well. The ending here features my least favorite parts of the book, those dedicated to the daughter of the dragon. It also reads like corny fantasy, whereas much of the rest of the book comes across as realistic medieval in...more
p1819
aVJ'ai achet\u005cu00e9 ce livre sans avoir vu la s\u005cu00e9rie et personne ne m'en avait parl\u005cu00e9.  J'y suis all\u005cu00e9 juste par mon feeling et je dois dire que je ne me suis pas tromp\u005cu00e9.  Ceux qui s'attendent \u005cu00e0 beaucoup d'action ou des combats vont \u005cu00eatre d\u005cu00e9\u005cu00e7u.  Tout comme le Seigneur des Anneaux, l'action se passe tr\u005cu00e8s lentement.  L'auteur prend la peine de bien d\u005cu00e9velopper la psychologie de chacun des personnages les plus importants.  J'ai beaucoup appris \u005cu00e0 appr\u005cu00e9cier les romans qui se d\u005cu00e9veloppent lentement en lisant des livres...more
p1820
aVYou know, I'm really not into fantasy all that much.  I like The Lord of the Rings as much as the next person but the genre isn't one I particularly care for and for that reason I had let A Game of Thrones pass me by.But then, fantasy isn't really the correct word for A Game of Thrones.  There's knights, royals, a sniff of the supernatural, a bloke with a flaming sword and mention of dragons sure, but this is a piece of work that goes beyond the normal dungeons and dragons traits of its genre.The...more
p1821
aVMartin is, hands-down, the greatest new voice in fantasy. (Ok, I'll see that and raise it Rothfuss.) Book one in the series leaves readers so hungry for more we forgive the pace, which is laborious. He breaks all the rules: lurching shifts in perspective, long gaps between returns to the character's pov, jumping from one story line to another, overly hammered-down imagery.Know what? He's like that brilliant, slightly nasty slacker guy you dated in grad school. He's glaringly imperfect, periphera...more
p1822
aVA Game of Thrones is the type of book that gives the fantasy genre a bad name. It was a million pages long, had WAY too many characters and many of the words were impossible to pronounce. The plot was weak and seemed secondary to the every day lives of the characters. It also featured incest. I don't know what it is about fantasy authors and incest.Despite all that, I found myself wanting to read it.And by the end, I was pretty much hooked.The vast majority of the STORY happens in the last 1/4 o...more
p1823
aVDescribing George R. R. Martin as an American J. R. R. Tolkein is not fair to either author. The quality of Martin's prose, especially the attempts at poetry and song, compares quite badly with Tolkein's, and the sense of spirituality which permeates The Lord of the Rings is entirely absent from Martin's work. The majority of Tolkein's characters were non-human, entire species painted in bright, primary colors--the bucolic Hobbits, the ethereal Elves, the unknowable Ents, the irredeemably evil O...more
p1824
aVWell, I started reading this over the summer. Couldn't get into it, put it down. Then I started watching the show and couldn't stomach all the gore (yup, I'm pathetic). But I've gotten far enough into the story that I really wanna know what happens, so back to the book!
p1825
aVFirst off, wow. This is an epic story. And only the first volume? Absolutely immense. I'd like to say I loved every minute of it, but at times I felt myself skipping over detail and jumping ahead to action. Whether that's on my impatience or not, I can't tell. One chapter involving Catelyn Stark's ascent to the Sky part of the Eyrie bored me almost to tears, but that was, thankfully, the only part.So, for bad or good, there is no lack of detail. It's incredibly intricate, and the way it is told...more
p1826
aVNO WIZARDS ZERO STARS DID NOT FINISHHUGELY DISAPPOINTED - OUTRAGEOUS FALSE ADVERTISING - THE BACK COVER PROMISED "A TALE OF LORDS AND LADIES, SOLDIERS AND SORCERERS" - WHICH SEEMED TO SUGGEST WIZARDS WOULD FIGURE PROMINENTLY - AND INDEED, GIVEN MARTIN'S REPUTATION FOR FRANK DEPICTIONS OF SEXUALITY, PERHAPS SOME WIZARDLY EROTICA?  MIGHT WE FINALLY LEARN HOW THE WIZARDS UTILIZE THEIR MAGICAL SKILLS AND PROUD, FIBROUS BEARDS IN THE BOUDOIR?  BUT THE BOOK CONTAINS *NO WIZARDS WHATSOEVER* - THERE'S ONE...more
p1827
aVI had watched the TV series before I read this book, but that only added to my enjoyment of it. I could picture everything as I was reading, and reading about the character's thoughts and feelings obviously added another dimension to the story that wasn't always as apparent in the series. To be honest I might have been a bit lost with all the different characters if I hadn't seen the TV series first. These books with lots of characters can get very confusing. This is a thoroughly enthralling tal...more
p1828
aVMy first e-book!  I think this was a good choice to read on my iPad, as it seems like it would be a very hefty book.  I'm giving it five stars for how much I enjoyed it, not necessarily for the writing (I groaned out loud at a part where a "smile played about...(someone's) lips..."-too much of an R. L. Stein flashback), though it really wasn't badly written.  We watched the first season of the show before I read the book, and I was impressed at how close the two were.  George R. R. Martin did a wond...more
p1829
aVI liked this book, however I felt no satisfaction at the end.  I know this is just the first book in a series but whatever happened to offering the reader some reward for hanging in and reading until the book is finished?  The thing is still supposed to have a beginning a middle and an end.  Well this book didn't.  Nothing is wrapped up and I have the feeling it's just going to go on and on and on.  I feel like someone has tried to get me hooked on something in hopes that I'll keep spending my time a...more
p1830
aVGreat first installment to what I'm sure will become one of my favorite series.  I very much enjoyed the changing of viewpoints, because it kept me reading. The book didn't linger too long on one character, which was nice. At first so many story lines/pov's was almost overwhelming, but eventually they are threaded together and it all makes sense. My favorite characters so far are Arya and Tyrion Lannister. The book gives much more depth to those characters than I feel they get in the tv show adap...more
p1831
aVI am one of those people who love this book series.  The big suprise happened near the end, I yelled WTF, and then re-read the chapter just to make sure it really happened.  From that moment it became easily on my top 5 list of best book series.  My only complaints are the audiobook narrater and the long wait for books to be released.  Warning to anyone who wishes to listen to this book narrated by Roy Dotrice.  Books 1-3 was average, the 4th he did not do and I thought the narrator was almost bored....more
p1832
aVReally enjoyed this book.  If you remotely like science fiction/fantasy/medieval history then this book is worth the read.  The story line has twists and turns in every chapter - which is impressive considering there are so many!  This book is really long - 800 plus pages.  Also, try not to get too attached to your favorite characters since you don't know what will is going to happen to them.Which may lead me to the one negative - the book can be a bit depressing.  Seems like the bad guys are always...more
p1833
aVRecommended by a friend, this book spoiled me for all other fantasy.  Set in a world of warring kings and lords, with threats to the realm from behind a giant ice wall to the north and from across the sea to the east, A Game of Thrones reaches a level of realism that no fantasy I've ever read has come close to.  Quite frankly, if you like fantasy and you haven't read this book then you really don't like fantasy. George RR Martin is now becoming seriously world famous on the back of a recent TV ada...more
p1834
aVEh.  This sucked me in at first but eventually started to feel like a slog.  Martin lacks the gift of names-- "Drogo," "Tyrian," "Lord Montmort," I dunno I can't put my finger on it but all the names in this book just sound silly and fake to me.  It's hard to get names right.  Tolkien was one of the best, but he had his background in languages and ancient English folklore, which probably helped.  Beyond the bad names, Martin's prose is unremarkable-- it's just this side of cheesy.  And my eyes glazed...more
p1835
aVI heard something a while back on NPR, that said while we may not feel like it, we live in the most peaceful time in human history. It must be why authors have to turn to days of knights and dragons to write of men of honor and valor. Because seeing those traits in action is so much easier to see.I'll credit HBO for getting me into this series. This first book is amazing, the story of three different families battling for the crown of the Seven Kingdoms. What I admire about Martin's writing is t...more
p1836
aVI started reading this a few weeks ago after getting into the HBO series, and was honestly a bit wary. The reviews I've seen floating around talked about how dense and florid the language was, etc. But all I could think of after reading this was, "Are you guys kidding me?! This book is great!" Maybe because I've plodded my way through Bram Stoker's Dracula and tried to make sense of Lawrence Durrell's Justine (You want nauseatingly florid? Read this ellipsis-ridden dramathon. I couldn't make it...more
p1837
aVIt feels weird having seen the TV show before having read the book but it happened. I definitely enjoyed reading the book more than I did watching the show. I loved that the focus of the book was the characters. Great characters and an interesting plot make any book worth reading and I'm very glad I made the decision to make my own judgments on this.I found myself falling in love with the Starks (and oh my god why must you be so cruel George R. R. Martin - I recognize this is a preaching to the...more
p1838
aVOn one hand, I couldn't put it down.  Great characters, unexpected plot developments, great writing.  Martin really created a fully formed universe in the Seven Kingdoms.  On the other, holy killing off characters!  And enough with the murder, rape and pillaging.  And what happened to Sansa?  Poor girl is stuck in that castle with King Joffrey, and I know that the author is not going to shy away from doing something terrible to her in the next book if it's right for the plot.  My only real criticism is...more
p1839
aVAttracted by its considerable success, I was not disappointed.  The story is impressive in the sheer number of players, various shifts in location, and complex political struggles.  Martin pulls it all together with a sustained level creative energy.  The characters are universally great, but here is my short list: Tyrion Lannister (the Imp), what he lacks in physique he gains in brains, brawn, and sex appeal; Ned Stark, wise and loving ruler of his house, with moral compass; Jon Snow, destined for...more
p1840
aVEasy, but long read.  The flow of the story was exciting and I am 100% hooked.  The problem is going to be when I finish the the last book.  It's not the last book in the series because the author is still writing them.  But I'm plowing through them like there's no tomorrow.
p1841
aVMy feelings towards this book are mixed. I listened to it so it was a massive undertaking- 28 hours long- but I didn't really feel like fitting the book into my reading schedule so I went with the audiobook on my commute. I can completely understand why this is a successful, popular TV show. I would like to watch it. There are really interesting aspects of the story- zombie-like white people, dragons, magic, Areya (sp), "The imp". Loved those bits. But then there are other parts that just draaaa...more
p1842
aVBased on the rave reviews friends gave this, I expected to love it. I would say it was a fun read, but really so average on so many levels: the prose itself, the characters, the plot, the world he created. It's all been done before, and done much better (Stephen King's Dark Tower series comes to mind). Still, Martin has created an interesting world, a medieval and magical land ripped apart by loyalties kept and betrayed, and he managed to hold my interest and even surprise me occasionally. He do...more
p1843
aVI was a bit hesitant to read this book, but after the strong recommendations and encouragement of my dear husband and sweet sister, I went ahead and gave it a try.I was warned that this book would be more graphic, dark, and violent than the books that I normally read, but if I could get past that, it was worth it. The book proved to be exactly that. There were many times that I was horrified, frightened, offended, and saddened by some of the events in the book (and that's putting it mildly!). Bu...more
p1844
aVWould give this about a 4.3.  It truly is an epic book, but also a very brutal book.  Set in a medieval fantasy world, the first book in the A Song of Ice and Fire series.  For the very first time since I've done a review on GoodReads I'm going to go all spoilery and have a discussion on some of the plot...but that will be later.  I've heard that this series can be compared to The Lord of the Rings but, I've not read that trilogy so others will have to be consulted.  One major difference I've noticed...more
p1845
aVOkay I admit it. I read this. Remember when I said I read "The Help" because I accidentally bought it along with 2 other books from the best seller list? This was one of the others. So I read it and now I'm a nerd. Was it good? Um, I don't know. It was okay- boyfriend was a television writer so he knows how to suck you in. I sort of liked this because there were like people talking about zombies and dragons and stuff but there weren't any really super fantasy nerding going on. It was more like a...more
p1846
aVCreepiest book I have ever read. This author is disturbingly obsessed with sex (occasionally), rape (FAR more often), rape turned "love" (uh, eww), lactation (projectile, even, though actually nursing *human* babies was never discussed that I can recall), prostitution, casual adultery, bastards, eunuchs, pedophilia (technically hebephilia, usually in an arranged marriage), incest, infanticide & sex organs in general (for men, he only ever calls it their "manhood", but holy cow does he overus...more
p1847
aVYep - it does what it says on the tin.  Truly epic scale and packed with diverse characters.  It romps along at a very reasonable pace and delivers, as you would expect for a multipart series, an ending that has you reaching for the next book in the series...  I'd definitely recommend it.A few very minor points did, however, slightly tarnish the overall experience for me: - the Kindle version has a lot of typo's for a supposedly mainstream release (almost one per chapter, ranging from wrong names t...more
p1848
aVRead it the first time a few years ago, then stopped halfway with the second book, then got tempted with the series, watched, and wanted to find out how is it different, and since I didnt like the way wolves were portrayed, started reading it again. Re-read most of it again, freshly experienced everything that annoyed me the first time, again, only to find that it annoys me slightly less. And now I am off to the second part. Started reading the third by mistake, and only realized after a few cha...more
p1849
aVIt took me almost a week to read this book, which is rather odd since I've finished books longer than this in just a day. The book is okay enough, but it really lacks that certain je ne sais quoi that makes you keep on reading. it has a great plot, yes, but it's rather boring.
p1850
aVAs I suspected it might, this book let me down. If someone is planning on writing a 16-book (or whatever number) series, I think each individual book should have some plot resolution. This book did not have its own ending. It was just 800 pages of setup for the next cash cow, oops, I mean sequel.I can already tell this series is a never-ending soap opera.  What starts out as a promising idea eventually gets less and less plausible because it goes on forever (or the setup takes forever) -- good pe...more
p1851
aVLoved this book. Not my usual genre but I'm hooked on the series.
p1852
aVso.....  i liked it.  but i am the worst person for anything fantasy.  i cannot for the life of me get serious about it...like there is something inside my lower brain that i cannot control and comes out when i am confronted with anything fantasy (the same can be said for chocolate.  i just cannot help myself)....for example i literally called every castle in this book, helmsdeep.  and samwell just tickled me to the point i started saying "sam loves his frodo."  ...it's weird.  i need help.  but i think...more
p1853
aVI'm going to talk about the whole series here. Kind of spoilery.The 4 stars are definitely for the first book only, George. You created an amazing world, great characters, lots of tension... and then it went pear-shaped.The first book, this book, is pretty great, but then a whole bunch of characters go around making really bad decisions and dying (see Eddard Stark memes on the Interwebs). Plot twists come to the fore--characters are moved to positions only to jostle one faction against the other...more
p1854
aVI\u005cu2019m not entirely sure what I expected to find when I started the book, but I know this wasn\u005cu2019t it. And that isn\u005cu2019t an all bad thing by any means, it\u005cu2019s just that I hadn\u005cu2019t thought the book was going to go like it did.What I Liked: It was a good story; I\u005cu2019ll give Martin that much. I was interested to see what happened in the end\u005cu2014and that was probably what kept me reading at all. I tend to hate split narratives, and though the book was very separate at times, I\u005cu2019m not sure it could have been done differ...more
p1855
aV"Winter is Coming"This is the Stark family motto.This book is a terrific beginning to a (new to me) series.  Not coincidentally, HBO is currently dramatizing this book.  I read through it so quickly, I've already moved on to Book #2 - A Clash of Kings, which is awesome so far.  The characters are interesting, and even the "good" ones have their flaws and sometimes do things for the wrong reasons, or just do the wrong things.  Kind of like real people.  The world they live in has odd seasonality.  Summ...more
p1856
aVAmazing, amazing amazing. That could seriously be my review of A Game of Thrones by George R. R. Martin. But, considering it was an 800-page monstrosity to get through, there is definitely more I have to say. First off, I have to preface this with the fact that I absolutely love fantasy, but have a hard time with so-called High Fantasy. Often-times there is so much back story, and journeying, and minute details of the texture of the stones of the castle walls that the plot gets lost, and so does...more
p1857
aVOk there are a lot of people who are not going to like this book series, I'll start out with that.  But for people tired of all the Hollywood fluff such as: "Oh the good guy won, oh good, now I can go home and sleep tonight I didn't think he/she would make it.  This philosophy has seeped into a good portion of books now as well.  One is to wonder, where is the intrigue?  Where is the Unpredictability?  I find myself in theaters and in the middle of books routing for the bad guy to win at least a smal...more
p1858
aVIt took me a little while to get into this book, and two tries before I read it completely. I'm glad that I didn't give up, because in the end - I enjoyed it a lot.A part of the difficulty I had in reading it was that no one is safe. GRRM thinks nothing of killing off characters, even main characters, with brutal abruptness. This made it difficult for me to relate with the story immediately, but I found myself reluctantly drawn into the drama. His characters are multifaceted and complex, driven...more
p1859
aVAs always, every phrase in this review should be preceded by "In my opinion".* Form: The writing style of George R.R. Martin is pretty functional. It just works. However, it is difficult to find any brilliant phrase that deserves to be memorized. Perhaps the brightest point is at the end, with good descriptions of battles and strategies. Character descriptions are forgettable and it is very easy to plot who are the villains, who are the heroes, who plays double-cross, etc. * Content: Here the bo...more
p1860
aVDespite the fact that I totally love the series, am desperate for the next installation and am avidly awaiting HBO's version of same - I do seem to remember that when I first picked this up, I almost didn't continue.  I plan to re-read to refresh my memory - but I recall thinking "Meh - that's a whole lotta plotting and a whole little action."  The books have since gotten more complex, grim, and engrossing.  Those you booed in book one, you find you are pulling for as the story unfolds.  Will my lit...more
p1861
aVThe first hundred or so pages are great because the hardships that the characters are to face are dire and clearly defined.However, by the end of the book, no one has succeeded at overcoming their obstacles, is in a worse position they were before, or is dead.  Ummm, how does that make a good story?  I understand that this is part of a series, but each book is hundreds of pages long.  And that's a huge commitment, given what the first book has delivered.  Seriously, by the end there's not even a gli...more
p1862
aVI read this book for pure pleasure, and it more than satisfied in every way.  I loved the multiple storylines, each one ending in the old cliff-hanger style.  I can't wait to begin the next book in this series.  At this time, the author has not finished all the anticipated books; don't drop dead on me, man.  I only began reading fantasy because my youngest daughter hooked me on the genre; otherwise, I'd have left all these books on the shelves.  And what would I have missed?  This author knows how to...more
p1863
aVSon personas que parecen reales, a pesar de vivir en un mundo imaginario.A pesar de estar ambientado en una \u005cu00e9poca medieval, caracterizada por la brutalidad, trata el tema de lo los tullidos y renegados con insospechada sensibilidad. -Ay, mi dulce ni\u005cu00f1o de verano-dijo la Vieja Tata con voz queda-, \u005cu00a1qu\u005cu00e9 sabr\u005cu00e1s t\u005cu00fa del miedo! El miedo es cosa del invierno, mi peque\u005cu00f1o se\u005cu00f1or, cuando la capa de nieve es de cincuenta varas y el viento a\u005cu00falla g\u005cu00e9lido desde el norte. El miedo es para la larga noche, cuando e...more
p1864
aVThis book is the first in a series of four.  It has a medieval times/fantasy bent that is similar in style to Lord of the Rings.  I really enjoyed this book.  Each chapter is told from the perspective of a different character in the book.  The central characters are a noble lord's family of a mother, father, their two sons, two daughters, and the father's illegitimate son.  In their world, winters last for decades, and summers just as long.  The summer is coming to and end, and there are powerful myth...more
p1865
aVPrior to reading this book, if you had told me that in 2010 I'd read a 800+ page first-in-the-series fantasy novel and not only love it, but love it so much that I immediately pick up the next book after I put the first one down, I'd have rolled my eyes and maybe laughed a little.  But here we are.  This is the point that I am at.I love George R.R. Martin.Specifically, his talent for characterization, which is I think what elevates this above the standard cliched fantasy novel with dragons and wiz...more
p1866
aVA completely engaging read. Even if fantasy is not your usual genre, give this book a try. As the title suggests, this series follows the political plotting, intrigues, and war making of a fantasy kingdom that seems to be modeled on England. There are some magical/fantastical aspects of the story, but these are sparingly used. The book reads more like an embellished historical account in some places. There is no black and white in characterization--the heroes and villains alike have their good a...more
p1867
aVWell, honestly I can't understand all the hype. For a fantasy novel, it strongly lacks in fantasy. There are only a few details that make it seem different from history (i.e. direwolves and solar rooms). Otherwise, it's the usual betrayal, battle, fancy robes, misogyny, and the political wars we've had in the past. The Dothraki seem to be an odd mix of an indigenous tribe living as modern day people. I'm intrigued enough by the plot to keep going and certainly there are characters that I have ei...more
p1868
aVI got on the Game of Thrones bandwagon late, I know. I don't know if I can add anything to reviews that others haven't already said many times, but I'll give it a go.The characters are engaging, Martin does a pretty good job at fleshing them out in detail, considering how many are introduced in a few hundred pages. The plot moves quickly, the scenery is vivid, the pages start turning themselves after the first few chapters.My only qualm (perhaps some spoilers ahead, but I'll keep it vague) is th...more
p1869
aVThis gets 4 Stars for character development and world building and it gets 2 stars for the extreme machismo and misogyny throughout the story. The main plot is rather standard for a fantasy, though the lines drawn between good and evil aren't painted as black and white as they are in many fantasy stories. I was looking for a little more fantasy-type elements in the story, and a little bit showed up late in the book. Maybe more is coming later?The characters are well-drawn enough that they felt l...more
p1870
aVDecided to read these before marathon-watching the series. :) Picked it up knowing absolutely NOTHING about it. Began the book at work, and pages in, stopped, looked up, and asked the people around me, Me: Who knows anything about Game of Thrones?  A bunch of people raised their hands. Me: So. Not based in reality? People: Oh no. Complete fantasy. And the laughter. I had no idea that it wasn't about real history. :) Way to investigate what you're going to read Jenn. All that being said, I really...more
p1871
aVI have mixed feelings about this book. On one hand, Martin created characters that are real and sympathetic, especially Tyrion Lannister, Jon Snow, Daenerys Targaryen, and the Stark children. I care about them. Although of all the characters, I find Tyrion Lannister the most sympathetic, and not just because he's one of the most vulnerable - but because he displays the only wit in the the whole book. Although the others' growth - Daenerys standing up to her brother and coming into her own, Jon's...more
p1872
aVI read this years ago, and all I remembered is that so many people died. When I made the decision to revisit A Song of Ice and Fire, and this time move beyond book one, I chose to listen to the audio version. It was like a completely different book. Sure, lots of people pop off, but that's hard not to do in a world based on something medieval. What I found this time were some very compelling story arcs that will lead me into the rest of the series eventually. I was particularly struck by how in...more
p1873
aVAddictive. I decided to start reading the series when my second baby was a week old. He's now eleven weeks, and I'm all the way through the fifth book, eagerly anticipating the sixth. Not that I'm a speed reader... I just spend a LOT of time as a baby-feeding captive. As a matter of fact, I'm feeding my baby right now! But seriously, I'm a great admirer of the Lord of the Rings, and this is a similarly epic tale. Just with fewer made up languages, more sex (a LOT more), and no great overarching...more
p1874
aVThis epic novel is complex and the stories are as intricately interwoven as the characters.  It has all of the components of a great story, love, intrigue, chivalry, cunning, family, honour, duty, inter family disputes, revenge and plenty more.In an effort not to give away any spoilers I will say that I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  The switching point of views (pov) allows one to fully understand the characters and why they do the things they do, however it does mean that the story tends to slow...more
p1875
aV 15,725 reviews on goodreads and counting, so no point in me "reviewing" this, but should still justify my score.There's so much to enjoy about this book, which made the negatives that much more frustrating, as I'm sure they could have been avoided.Firstly, I do worry about GRRM's attitudes to female characters in this novel, many of whom seem to be only there for the sexual gratification of male characters - he writes with repeated glee as they are variously "taken" or "mounted". Imagine then h...more
p1876
aV  This book shouldn't need an introduction; if you haven't heard of it then shame on you and everybody around you as you have all failed in the act of being decent human beings.  Nothing more to say except this book will go down in history; it's a masterpiece.
p1877
aVThis is a  Reading Good Books review for both book and audio book.This is a two-in-one review.  It\u005cu2019s a review of both the hard copy and the audio edition of the first book in the Song of Ice and Fire series by George RR Martin.  I could include the superb HBO adaptation as well as the first volume of the graphic novel but that is just too ambitious.I never planned on reading this book series.  As if I needed another epic to mix in with my already overflowing TBR pile.  But since picking up this book...more
p1878
aVOk, I really liked it. I want to read the second book right now, but my wife has it and I have to wait until she's done. I feel funny providing a critical analysis of this book, though, because it is really the only fantasy book I've ever read. My friends who have read more assure me that this is better than many of them, and I believe them. It was certainly never boring. The chapters are the perfect length, I thought, and Martin shuffles back and forth between his main characters very effective...more
p1879
aVThis was a brilliant series which I have been reading again. And, no, I'm not reading them because of the HBO series. I discovered Martin years ago. His writing style is great. Not too heavy, not too light. His character development is superb with a rich diversity of personalities. I have found myself drawn into the lives of the core characters much in the same way as with those in 'Pillars Of The Earth' by Ken Follett.  There is nothing typecast or predictable about Martin's stories. No 'good gu...more
p1880
aVFrom the back of the book: \u005cu2018In a land where summers can last decades and winters a lifetime, trouble is brewing. The cold is returning, and in the frozen wastes of the North of Winterfell, sinister and supernatural forces are massing beyond the kingdom\u005cu2019s protective Wall. At the center of the conflict lie the Starks of Winterfell, a family as harsh and unyielding as the land they were born to. Sweeping from a land of brutal cold to a distant summertime kingdom of epicurean plenty, here is a tale...more
p1881
aVThrough the whole 32-odd hours listening to this book, I went back and forth about how I felt about it. What I came to by the end was that, while well-written, it's just not my cup of tea. There were things that happened and characters that I liked very much. I pretty much liked all of the Starks, including John Snow (who really is a Stark). I also liked Tyrion Lannister, perhaps because I tend to root for the underdog, but I think that his underdog status gave him a much clearer understanding o...more
p1882
aVOkay - so I joined the crowd, and decided to get into the book before I tried watching the show.  I've been on a non-fiction kick lately, and since I've always loved knights, castles, magic, dragons, I figured why not start my return to fiction off in style. :)I have to say, I loved this book.  The characters, likeable or not, are engaging and intriguing.  I found myself anxiously awaiting what would happen next.  It surprised me a little, because I've always liked a stable platform to the stories I...more
p1883
aVI really, really loved this book. However I thought it was a super slow read, and I may have loved it so much because of the super awesome television series. In truth, I only read the book because I really liked the show, and I wanted to get deeper into the characters heads. If there was no show, I'm sure I would have been bored before long and would have probably ended up not finishing A Game Of Thrones. But because of the show, I'm super excited to see what happens next to the brilliant women...more
p1884
aVOkay, I have read LARGE-saga-type series before, you know, those with lots of characters and that take 300 pages for any of them to come together and figure out what the plot is.... anyway.... I did really enjoy them and spent 18 months on Salvatore's Dark Drow, Dritzz.This is the first time I've attempted this type of book on audio, so far it is okay, but I am thinking that I need some cheat-sheets to keep track.Due to all the excitement that has been building online for this story, I am lookin...more
p1885
aVWhen I inquired about this book my friend told me it was "tedious," which needless to say is not a comforting idea when it comes to the type of books I like to read. Regardless I started reading the series because I pretty much devoured season 1 of the HBO series in a few days. For those not used to reading epic tales (especially those set in Medieval-like times) where there are a million characters who also have nicknames and full lordly titles, I highly recommend watching a few episodes of the...more
p1886
aVI cheated somewhat with this book as I actually watched the TV series first, I didn't mean to but after just one episode I was hooked! I am now determined to read the books before I watch any more. It means of course that I knew what was going to happen in the story before I read it, however I still found it a gripping page turner and managed to override some of the actors chosen to play the characters in the series with my the image in my mind's eye as I read. I would say neither the book nor t...more
p1887
aVThis book had a lot of high and low points. Overall I think it had some interesting characters and some that were a real bore. The only sense of plot is that many people want to be in charge...some b/c they are true heirs, some b/c they think the deserve it, some just to be in charge. Through various manipulations there is a fair deal of fighting and killing. I liked Arya, Bran, Jon Snow, the night's watch, and Dany...but the rest of the characters were little more than meddling soap opera bits....more
p1888
aVAlmost a 5 star book. Fascinating and complex plot, great setting, captivating characters (mostly) and some intriguing components that have me itching to read the next book. I felt the need to subtract a star because at a few points the plot was quite predictable. Also, the character Ned/Eddard (and what was the point of him having two names anyways? just confusing) was disappointing. He seemed a bit flat and unrealistic, and is anyone really that naive, trusting, and stupid? Seriously disappoin...more
p1889
aVThis is the first time I've read any of Martin's works.  I had heard good things about this series but was hesitant to believe them because HBO tends to ruin any book-series-turned-to-television-series (IMO).  HOWEVER, 2 pages in I was hooked.  Martin is truly one of those authors who can paint with their words.  The details are crisp and clear- the characters layered and complex.  Martin describes these worlds that are teeming with LIFE.  There are back stories galore with historic battles, loss and...more
p1890
aVat first I found the  constant switching of view-points annoying, but then I got into it.  I was originally thinking, maybe I won't read this book, but it was lying around and so I took it to Louisiana with me and it did just what I wanted, which was to escape.  My worry is what everybody has told me about this whole series: everybody turns out to be an asshole.  I'm also kind of glad that, since I assumed I wouldn't read it, I totally already found out all the spoilers before I read it.  Those would...more
p1891
aVBueno, pues despu\u005cu00e9s de mucho tiempo picando un poquito cada vez que pod\u005cu00eda, llegaron las vacaciones y me marqu\u005cu00e9 un sprint de dos semanas para terminar de leerlo entero. Al ser un regalo de un amigo, es lo menos que pod\u005cu00eda hacer.Normalmente no suelo leer libros de fantas\u005cu00eda como este, aunque en el pasado le\u005cu00ed El Se\u005cu00f1or de los Anillos y me gust\u005cu00f3. Lo que no me gusta tanto de estos libros es que aparecen cientos de personajes y casi todos son importantes, y algunos son conocidos por varios nombres o por...more
p1892
aVThis book represents everything I both love and loathe about fantasy.On the one hand, it's irresistibly compelling. Even when nothing is actually happening, GRRM has this brilliant way of ending each chapter by revealing one tiny teeny thing, enough to make you want to read the next chapter and the next. The numerous characters give you a lot of different facets of the same world, and the political intrigue plot is definitely interesting.But oh my god, I HATE HIS WOMEN. It's everything I despise...more
p1893
aVPrefer David Gemmell personally, but a good story none the less.  Because there are so many characters, they lack the debth that you'd normally find in a novel this size but there's enough characterisation to interest.  So many of these sorts of books are all about the plot to the detriment of the depth of characters.  I'm passing this one one though and not keeping it for my old age, perhaps I'll regret that decision, who knows, until I've read the others in the series who can tell.  I'd have to ke...more
p1894
aVThis one is a re-read on my part. Devoured the book and its sequel a few years back when A Storm of Swords first came out in hardcover. PIcked it up again to read while I watched the series on HBO.Tyrion comes off quite well this second time round. Better than Ned, who I found foolish in his dedication to his honor. It's always interested to see how books "read" when you come back to them after experiencing them in a different medium. Even setting aside the television show, going back to this fi...more
p1895
aVGeorge R.R. Martin's expansive fantasy world begins with A Game of Thrones, the starting point to an epic and currently unfinished adventure of life and death, friend and foe and Ice and Fire.The sheer genius of the story, coupled with the realistic world of Westeros, bring to mind the world of Tolkein and his Middle Earth, but even when compared to the father of modern Fantasy stories the world crafted by Martin is more full of life and more realistic than anything in Tolkeins work.Political ba...more
p1896
aVThis was the third time I read A Game of Thrones. My latest return to the first book in the A Song of Ice and Fire was driven by the release of the HBO series and the release of A Dance with Dragons. I recognize A Game of Thrones--and Martin's series as whole--draws either high praise or scathing detraction with relatively little middle ground. However, I would like to offer my defense of the book and the series as a recognition of its faults and the strengths it brings to the genre.First, there...more
p1897
aVWhat a world George R.R. Martin has created.House Stark, rules Winterfell with Ned at the helm, his wife Catelyn, and their five children, not including Jon Snow, his surname so called for his lower status as a bastard. Having successfully won the throne for his best friend, Robert Baratheon (now the King), Ned has been living calmly up north for years. This is interrupted as Robert pays him a visit to request his aid to be his Hand, his second in command. Ned would much rather refuse, but with...more
p1898
aVOK...straight up, I read this book to better understand the TV show.  And was pleasantly surprised at how good a book it was.  I'm on the second one now, and it's a good read.  Admittedly:  when I started, I thought it was in Fake-England,  and couldn't understand why so many people spent time staring significantly at eggs while doin' it. The good news:  the fantasy-airy-fairy stuff isn't so overwhelming that it overshadows what is ultimately a good story, and the books have the good sense to not be o...more
p1899
aVOne of the "rules of writing" that gets drilled into you is that no two characters should have names beginning with the same letter. The theory is that readers will confuse characters named John and Jim or Ellen and Edna.Apparently George R.R. Martin, and possibly fantasy writers in general, never heard of this rule. Now I suppose that with the huge cast of characters in an epic fantasy you'd have to reuse the first letter. Otherwise you'd end up with some incredibly odd scenarios that would be...more
p1900
aVSoooooo enjoying this so far!I forgot how much I loved well crafted fantasy novels. How nice to be reminded.LATER:Finished the book- and loved it. While it has the usual stock themes of this genre ( the hero, the villain, a world in need of saving), exactly who is which subtly shifts as the book progresses. Martin does an excellent job of setting up the various story arcs for the books to follow. You have to be in this for the long haul.Other reviewers have commented on Martin's 'pornographic' s...more
p1901
aVA masterpiece.
p1902
aVI decided to pick up this book after reading lots of flattering reviews. For the most part, I agree that the story was exciting and realistic (people die, bad things happen, moral ambiguity, etc.). I did have to put the book down halfway through and take a break because I got annoyed by several of the characters (Sansa and Catelyn Stark). There was also a bit too much rape and incest going on. It wasn't written about in detail or anything, but it still annoyed me. When I started reading it again...more
p1903
aVThis book was awesome!  It was VERY long, and very deep, but it was also a thriller at times, and it read much quicker than you would expect an 800 page novel to read.  I thought the book was full of little tidbits of wisdom, I especially liked Arya's words of wisdom taught to her by her teacher.  Fear cuts deeper than swords was probably my favorite.  Only thing I'll say is that, if you manage to reach page 600, you better brace yourself for the fact that the book doesn't come close to taking care...more
p1904
aVThough I find Martin's prose to be a bit cliched, lacking a really distinct voice, and oftentimes laughable at his attempts to make everything sound "fantasyesque," he's a damn fine storyteller. So good, after the first few hundred pages when things start picking up, I was rapt. A Game of Thrones is an investment, and getting in the right mindset to tackle it is tricky for someone like, say, me who has staunchly refused to touch high fantasy with a ten foot pole for all my years. I'm breaking do...more
p1905
aVThis series is the best fantasy series I've ever had the good forture to find and read. I am severly disappointed that it's taken 10 years for the author to finish the last one, which still hasn't been released. Everytime there is a new publish date for the last book I have re-read this series, which means I've read all of them about 5 times. The last written is terrible, but the first few are excellent. There is so much detail and so much emotion drawing from the plight of the characters... he...more
p1906
aVThis is one of the all time best epic fantasy series I've ever read (and I've read a lot).  This first book takes some effort to get into, as it's setting up a huge and detailed world, with many intricate characters.  However, it pays off in fantastic plots and characters. You will become engrossed in the second half of the book and the rest of the series - to the point of excitedly discussing them with complete strangers (or maybe that's just me....)I read so much that I am often able to predict...more
p1907
aVStill the best fantasy series I have ever read - yes, it is a long series, yes, the books are still being published...but by far the best written and most intriguing/realistic of all the series I have ever come across. The families resemble England during the War of the Roses (Stark and Lannister families = York and Lancaster; not particularly creative with the names but hey, there must be some fault, right?). Each chapter is told by a different character. Plenty of plotting family against famil...more
p1908
aVI have a hard time getting into most books and this one was no exception.  The reason that I like series in general is that they give me a chance to really get to know the characters and actually get attached enough to care what happens to them.  The fact that this is the first in a fairly large series made me give this book the benefit of the doubt - there's always a lot of set-up that's got to take place in the beginning of a series.  I enjoyed reading this book for the most part but it sometimes...more
p1909
aVI avoided this because of the hype.  Then, I avoided this because I was being "challenged" to read it (~some people find it difficult to keep track of all of the characters~).  Now, running out of science fiction and others, and thoroughly charmed by the reissue of "Tuf Voyaging" I grabbed it.Early on, I knew it was the kind of story where the characters I like are going to be tormented or killed -- that is what this kind of entertainment is all about now, isn't it.  And that it would be a long whi...more
p1910
aVFive stars because this is easily one of the best fantasy novels I have ever read.Which isn't to say that I don't have any reservations about it....  I laughed, I cried, I gasped, I yawned.  Martin crafts each chapter impeccably, so that they read like a series of mostly complete short stories.  That approach really worked for me as the characters were being introduced, but I thought it sucked all the momentum out of the novel's second half.  I was still enjoying it, but I found it too easy to put d...more
p1911
aVI put off reading this because it's really popular right now, and a lot of popular fantasy is crap. Also, the Song of Ice and Fire books are eight-hundred pages plus each, and anything that large makes me shudder. Also, pretty well most epic fantasy is overblown trash without substance that gets by on 'flash and dazzle' writing alone. But... I like good books. And for this one, you take the quality of the writing it features , and put it into any other genre and it would still be good. I'd be re...more
p1912
aVAmazing. It was amazing. Amazing storyline, amazingly written, amazing characters\u005cu2026 There are no words to describe fully how I feel about this book.All it took was one page, and I was stuck inside the story. I absolutely couldn\u005cu2019t put it down. I loved how complex the storyline was, and how all of the different characters and their stories slowly started to come together throughout the book. The detail and care taken to write this series must have been phenomenal. I feel as though I know each an ev...more
p1913
aVClearly this is the beginning of one of my the most famous epic fantasy series of all times.  I'm a little late to the party, so really the only thing for me to say is that I can now personally confirm it's brilliance.  As for my experience, it took me a couple starts over the past year before I took the plunge.  It's not that I wasn't enjoying myself, it is just a daunting thing to go over.  On my ipad, the 5 books currently equals about 5,000 plus pages to read.  I wasn't sure I was ready to put in...more
p1914
aVseriously, this book was everything I needed. My love for reading was starting to fade; it had been a while since I read book that took myself and threw to the story and would never let me leave. Game of Thrones made me feel this feeling again, of loving the plot so hard I would be willing to skip sleep and study in order to keep reading.One of the things I love is that, though we have a sense of who is corrupted by money and power and who has a gentle heart, everyone in this story has imperfect...more
p1915
aVIt has been a long time since I read any sword and sorcery books. Teenage forays into the genre were satisfying, but the allure of vampire and werewolves in my later teens and twenties and a much more eclectic mix in my thirties has meant this was an area sadly neglected.However after watching some of the TV show and receiving the first in the sizeable series of books as a gift, I decided to give this a go and I was really glad I did!! It was refreshing to wallow in the machinations and plotting...more
p1916
aVThis is a fantastic book, and I can tell the beginning of an amazing series. I would rate it at 4 3/4 stars if possible because it is a bit slow getting started, but that is to be expected in a story a big is this. There are a lot of characters to introduce and alliances to create and break and change. A story full to bursting with intrigue and action.  The only reason I wouldn't give it a full five star rating is the way Martin passes time in the book. You will read one chapter and the next may...more
p1917
aVI love how developed and alive Martin's world is. This is fantasy with magic and castles and dragons, but it still feels like one of the most realistic books I've ever read. The characters are very real and its hard to fit them into any familiar character types, because everyone is well rounded. However, it's also the realism that causes me to balk some. In most stories you can count on patterns and protagonist bias carry the heroes through. In this story, however if the odds are against the pro...more
p1918
aVGame of Thrones starts out fairly slowly before it settles into a fantasy verson of the War of the the Roses.  In the beginning of this series, we find two houses engaged in a deadly battle of political intrigue.  Set against the backdorp of a rebellion that deposed a mad king, Eddard Stark is asked by his friend the the current king Robert Baratheon to take on the role of chief advisor after the mysterious death of the last "Hand of the King."  The story centers around the Starks (Yorks) and the L...more
p1919
aVThis is a terrific read.  The actual fantasy element is still relatively undeveloped with the storyline revolving around battles for power in the equivalent of Middle Age kingdoms.  Armoured knights fight using long swords, lances, battleaxes and so on.  But there is a hint of a major fantasy event brewing in the coming winter.  Winters in this world tend to last for years.  Maybe the one coming will last for good.  The deeper magic appears to be closed off in "the land beyond the wall", although we g...more
p1920
aVOne word - Epic. I was shocked by how much I loved these books. Martin truly has created a world that one can easily envision. The characters have dimension and grow and adapt over time. The story itself is incredibly intriguing and had me emotionally invested. This first book really sets up the series well. The characters become old friends/enemies as you progress through the series. Unexpected plot turns abound, and the story keeps one guessing. One common critique I read about the series conc...more
p1921
aVNormally, I'm not a fan of this type of genre, but I thought to give it a try. First was struck me is the way the story is told through multiple characters, yet it did not lose any of the narrative. Impressive storyline and scene building. A friend of mine told me not to get attached to too many characters, which of course I did. I can't say that the story was predictable, which is good because I hear the series is still going. I did not watch the HBO series prior to reading, but I'm not sure th...more
p1922
aVOk. I'm sold. 1. I rarely love books by male authors. So often for me their treatment of female characters is patronizing and vulgar, relegating them the walking wombs or vaginas. But Mr. Martin has created strong female characters who are frankly badass: not wilting flowers, not merely to be used, but not up on a pedastal of flowery goodness either. 2. I rarely love fantasy novels: ok, I love Harry Potter, but I struggled through Fellowship of the Ring. I've never read beyond the first page of...more
p1923
aV No s\u005cu00e9 c\u005cu00f3mo rese\u005cu00f1ar un libro como este, la verdad es que puedo decir que es de lo mejor que he le\u005cu00eddo y que todos los que me lo recomendaron estaban en lo cierto, yo conoc\u005cu00ed esta saga por la serie de HBO, la cual debo decir que por lo menos la primera temporada es casi fiel al libro e igual de excelente que el libro. El libro comienza de una manera muy misteriosa la cual se va hablando poco a poco a lo largo del libro en un lugar mas all\u005cu00e1 de las murallas de los 7 Reinos donde algo misterioso est\u005cu00e1...more
p1924
aVIt was sooooooooooooooooooooooooooo slow to get going. I mean I know that the first half was like character development and introduction so I feel that I can't judge it too harshly for that. There were also a few characters that I didn't feel were nearly as engrossing as Martin believes them to be. Both Ned and Eddard Stark I felt were characters of the same mold and honestly I found it hard to keep the two apart. I also felt that Jon Snow could have used a little more development. I'm not sayin...more
p1925
aVYes, I'm late to the party and only hopped on the bandwagon because of HBO's show. And even then it took me awhile because, well, the thing is 800+ pages.  But it's fantastic and a tremendous achievement. Much has been written about how so many different characters and story lines intertwined and were kept alive in parallel and somehow, miraculously, it all made sense.But what is most overlooked is the dialogue - which is as sharp as any great movie script and probably the main reason this thing...more
p1926
aVThree stars to reflect an appreciation of the tight prose and the world/characters created. Having read the five books in this series, I cannot really recommend it. If Hobbes and Machiavelli collaborated on a fantasy series, this would be the result. Brutal and brutish from beginning to end. What are women and girls good for: to be debased, raped and bartered to build alliances. What are men and boys good for: to fight, to be tortured, beheaded and bartered to form alliances. Why did I read the...more
p1927
aVI'm not going to make any friends by saying this. I really wanted to like this book. Really I did. My boyfriend talked it up, and all the hype on HBO got me wanting to get into this book and the series. I couldn't. It was slow moving, overly repetitive and I had major issues with the usage of symbols. To be perfectly frank, most of the book bored me. Around page 500 is where it started to pick up, and by then, it was far too late for me. It isn't constructed to be a stand alone book at all, but...more
p1928
aVThis book was probably the most frustrating book I have ever loved. George R.R. Martin does a fantastic job of creating dissonance when good characters don't always meet good ends and bad characters don't always have bad endings. This is what makes the story thrilling and unpredictable, but it's what also makes you so mad. Occasionally, I had to take a timeout from the book either (A) I was furious or (B) I was crying and couldn't see anymore. Yes I am emotional, but I think that this is a testa...more
p1929
aVIt is very hard for me to review this book.  At this point, i have only read the first book and I am in love with the series. This is the epic series for me and it will forever change my literary world.My friends were watching the tv show, but being a book person, I opted to read it instead.I grew very attached to several characters which was a mistake for so many reasons.  There are a ton of characters and we hear from the point of view of most of them.Your hero and your villain are clear, yet th...more
p1930
aVI've been a fan of George R.R. Martin since his days of writing TV screenplays for The Twilight Zone and Beauty and the Beast. But I held off starting the Game of Thrones books because I wanted to wait until he had finished the series so that I could read them through without interruption. HBO scrapped that plan last year by airing the first book as a season-long series. Or rather, I scrapped that plan when I could not resist watching.I just finished this first book in the series and it was as s...more
p1931
aVAI didn't know what to expect when I first obtained a copy of this book.  I had so many people tell me such vague things about the book that I couldn't remember if it was good, or even worth my time, but I'm glad that I took the chance to read this book.At first it takes about 200 pages to get into this book, not because it's boring, but because you really have no idea what is going on.  There are so many characters that it is so hard to fit them all together and grasp a clear understanding of the...more
p1932
aVWinter is coming, at least that's what the Starks kept saying, but it never showed up. Kind of like this year in the real world. But, hey, that's what the next four books in the series are for, right? According to Mr. Martin this series will be seven books, that's if he doesn't keel over before he finishes. He is in his 60s, and looks to be a diet coke short of three bills. So, it doesn't look too promising.This book is epic fantasy at it's best, it really is a great story. The main thing I love...more
p1933
aVWOW. I haven't read any fantasy in awhile and this book has inspired me to get back into the genre. It has everything that a good fantasy can expect: war, love, magic, facinating lands with facinating ways and history. I kept scrolling back to the appendix to read up on the different characters and the different houses they are from but with most fantasies, the world that the author created is so intricate and detailed that I felt the extra (and often complex) secondry characters only added to t...more
p1934
aVI read this while watching the HBO series (I started by watching an episode, then read the corresponding chapter) and I'm glad I did - the world is SO vast and there are SO many characters, I think I might have had trouble keeping them straight in my head. With the visuals of the show in mind though, I found myself not wanting to wait for the next HBO episode, and started to jump ahead.The ending is very sad on many levels, and many of my favorite characters (view spoiler)[ wound up dead - espec...more
p1935
aVFantastic story of high lords, noble houses, heavy drama, with just a touch of fantasy to keep it magical.  Well paced and very imaginative.  Martin creates a vibrant world with a rich history and a complex web of events.  This book is highly recommended.
p1936
aVGeorge R. R. Martin started his Song of Fire and Ice here, and that's the best way to discuss this book.  He doesn't really tie a neat bow around this narrative; he knew there would be another when he finished it.  Following a series of POV characters, some fascinating (Tyrion, Dany, Arya, Jon), others less so, he opts to tell a more realistic story for the standard medieval fantasy setting, with minimal magic and a lot of realpolitik-style plotting, where one character's moral choice actually mak...more
p1937
aVEerlijk is eerlijk, zonder het succes van HBO's tv-serie had ik de afdeling fantasy in de boekhandel links laten liggen. Zoals verwacht zijn de boeken n\u005cu00f3g grootser, meeslepender en complexer dan de toch al niet eenvoudige serie. Het is aan te raden eerst de serie te kijken en dan de boeken te lezen. Andersom zal het toch vaak een teleurstelling zijn. Het verhaal over strijdende koningen en listige ridders zal bekend zijn. Maar waarin Martin echt excelleert zijn de personages die onder de oppervl...more
p1938
aVI don't usually read any kind of fantasy of this nature, but I had heard so much about this one, I decided to see what all the hype was about. Anytime I read outside my usual genres, it really slows me down, and with this one coming in at 835 pages, it seemed like it would never end. Which as any book lover knows is not a good sign. I will admit that I did start to flag about half way through. There were times when it was just too slow moving for me. It failed to keep me interested enough to fly...more
p1939
aVVery easy to get into. I loved the story and the characters. At first I hated the way it bounced from story to story and I still think it's a little frustrating but on the other hand it is nice to get inner monologue from so many different characters. I thought there would be a lot more fantasy in it but there is hardly any. It seems like the hardest thing to do in a medieval fantasy novel is write really well-developed characters and Martin did this amazingly. It seems to me that a lot of write...more
p1940
aV"A Game of Thrones" by George R.R. Martin is a deeply engrossing and engaging fantasy adventure. Martin has created interesting characters living in a rich and creative fictional world interacting in a complex and well-constructed plot. The first volume of "A Song of Ice and Fire," "A Game of Thrones" deserves to rank among the best of modern fantasy. The plot takes place in the fictional Seven Kingdoms of Westros and follows the political mechanizations between rival noble houses [a note - I do...more
p1941
aVYep, this book is as good as everyone says (I wish Goodreads allowed half stars because I would have rated it 4 1/2). An epic adventure/fantasy set in an alternate medieval Britain where dragons and other unworldly beings are real ... but the struggle for power resembles our own world all too closely. After finishing I thought, huh, the Lannisters are basically the Tudors ... anyway a great read, highly recommended even for those who aren't all that into fantasy. There are a lot of characters to...more
p1942
aVCompletely and totally hooked on these books. I don't even know what else to say, except GO OUT AND READ THEM! I blew through this book in about 5 days. It is really intriguing when you read a book that has characters you love and characters you despise, and yet you are just as interested to read the sections on the ones your hate as you are the ones you love. That is really nicely done. Of course I love Ned Stark. I guess we're supposed to. He's a hero, if a bit uptight. I don't care much for C...more
p1943
aVThis is the second time I read this book. I read it a few years ago when it first came out and admit I didn't really enjoy it very much. I think it was because the book was not what I expected and not what I was used to from a "fantasy" kind of book, not that I read all that many of them. I got tired of characters I liked being bumped off, so I stopped reading the series. With the HBO miniseries on, I confess mainly because Sean Bean is in it, I decided to give the book a second try. I'm very gl...more
p1944
aVI picked this up while in the middle of reading another series. I had the next book of said series sitting at home for me to pick up in a week. I needed something to hold me over until that time and with all the hype this book has gotten, thanks to HBO, I figured why not? And boy am I glad I did.This book was great. Being a fantasy fan, as well as a history major, I as thrilled to read my first truly great low-fantasy. I felt the story was laid out lovely and the characters were tempered just ri...more
p1945
aVSo, as many of you are probably aware, HBO has turned George R.R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire series into a TV drama. If any of you are like me, you simply can not watch anything without having read the book first. So, i set out to read the book before I watched a single episode of the TV show.I must admit, I was not entirely sure what I was getting myself into. I read mainly YA fantasy so I don't usually read adult fantasies, simply because there are so many and it's difficult to weed out t...more
p1946
aVThis is not the kind of book I typically read, but it was completely engrossing. The plot details are amazingly complex and the author does a good job of keeping them all straight, as well as including the supernatural threat along with the political, romantic, and familial intrigues. I found it unnecessarily long in some parts, but not so much of a flaw that I put it down, and the writing is unquestionable good. There is a lot of casual and vulgar references to sex that the author seems keen to...more
p1947
aVMartin has a troublesome habit of killing off characters, even semi-major and major characters, when you least expect it. Or, if he can't bring himself to actually bump off a character, he executes a terribly depressing event which leaves the character permanently crippled, either physically or psychologically (or both). It was hard for me to identify with any character, as they all seemed so dark and disconnected from one another, and I wasn't sure how long any of the characters would live, any...more
p1948
aVAn amazing book.  Martin does a great job of balancing various plot lines and the prespective of many characters without leaving the reader confused lost or overwhelmed.  I have already order the next book in the series.  I highly recommend this book for all fanatsy fans and even fans of historical ficition.  Martin provides enough details so that you feel as if you know the characters and their world but does not have you skimming over pages and pages of description.  Something is always happening f...more
p1949
aVI am SO HOOKED, even though the suspense is excruciating and it's sometimes difficult to keep from skimming way forward in an effort to find out what's going to happen.  I'm a nervous wreck, worrying about the characters.  On to book number two!
p1950
aVThis book is about multiple people and their life in the time of Knights and Swords and magical creatures.  It starts off as this Baron finds a dead direwolf and her pups that are still alive.  He takes home the pups for his children. The story then goes on to their adventures in their country with their new friends.I would recommend this book to other people.  There are lots of reasons to recommend this book but i will talk about the three strongest reasons.  The first reason is that the book is wr...more
p1951
aVStarted reading this because of the TV series, and in fact, read it slower than we watched series 1 and part way through 2. Loving the series and the book, reading in iBooks on my iPad 2. The HBO TV series ups the nudity and sex content, which is fine, though sometimes excessively unnecessary. The book gives much more background and context, so I was constantly thinking "Oh, I see, so that's why so-and-so did such-and-such."I love the strength of the female leads, especially Arya, and even more...more
p1952
aVThe first instillation of A Song of Ice and Fire by George R.R Martin was a riveting read. The setting was medieval, a land riddled with magic. The story follows the tale of amazing characters; Jon Snow, Arya Stark, Tyrion Lannister, Ned Stark, Catelyn Stark, Bran Stark and Sansa Stark. The center of all of was the House Stark, the head of the family is Ned Stark, warden of the North and friend of the King. He was later appointed as The Hand of The King and began following the clues which had go...more
p1953
aVI finally gave in to the hype and downloaded the 5 existing books for A Song of Fire and Ice to my Kindle. Oh my goodness, how have I managed to NOT read these books before?!Despite the length, it is a tightly-plotted book. It does follow multiple characters over (and under and through and around) multiple storylines, though each chapter is helpfully titled with the character-of-viewpoint's name. Major plot threads resolved by the end of the book, or at least reached a midpoint where pausing mak...more
p1954
aVA lot has already been said about this book so I won't say much. I have to say, though, this book was made more interesting by the HBO series, imho. It's a very long book and the series was able to sum it up very well. Minor scenes were left out and some scenes were added. The nudity in this book wasn't severe like that in the TV series, but the latter was sexier than the former. The love scenes in this book was just a big meh. This is a 3.5 star rating, rounded up. Of the few adult fantasy book...more
p1955
aVIt was one of the longest books I've read so far. An interesting book. I may not jump into book two right away. there is a lot of characters in this book.  I wish i would of used the appendix as i was reading some things would of made more sense to me.  I didn't even really read the appendix until after i finished the book. Some parts of the book i found boring and move really slow while other parts where really fun to read. I think to get more enjoyment from this book read the appendix first thin...more
p1956
aVI had started and put down about 10 good chewy classics before I realized I needed to take a break and read a few nice thick pointless paperback.  So....Not bad.  If you feel like a solid medieval fantasy read (that weighs down your purse and makes you reconsider your anti-Kindle policy)this series should work.  On the plus side, it's an easy read, with interesting characters and lots of good old fashioned dragons, castles, wars and such.  On the negative side, the writing can't compete with the lik...more
p1957
aVWonderful!'A Song of Ice and Fire' is a world of Kings, fallible and imperfect; Knights, brave and brutal; Lords, honorable and devious; great houses and dark creatures. The main storyline is set in the land of the Seven Kingdoms ruled by the House Baratheon from King's Landing. Lord Stark of Winterfell from the North, is invited to be the new Hand of the King after the death of the previous Hand. And so it is that the honorable House Stark unwittingly, and reluctantly, gets involved in the dece...more
p1958
aVOh how I loved this book - and it made the series all the more real for me. I watched seasons 1 and 2 before I read this so I had a good idea of what was going on. I am looking forward to reading the 2nd book but first, I want to rewatch season 1!
p1959
aVLoved it!Even though I had seen the first season of the HBO series prior to reading this, I still couldn't stop turning the pages. Martin knows how to write a plot that just doesn't stop. It's all about the politics of power - with lives at stake, twists you don't see coming, and a cliffhanger at the end of every chapter.Fantasy is normally tough for me to get into due to the world building, but Martin does an excellent job of dropping you right into the center of the action and then setting up...more
p1960
aVThis book is, mostly, about a noble family called Stark. They live far up in the north. The head of the family is Eddard, and his wife is called Catelyn. They have five children: Robb, Brandon, Sansa, Arya and Rickon. Eddard also has a bastard son, Jon, who lives with them. Events follow one another, and it leads to that the family is unvolontaringly splitting: Eddard travels south to King's Landing and the Court with his daugthers, Catelyn and Robb goes to war, Jon goes off to patrol The Wall f...more
p1961
aVLet me say right for the start that there is clearly something wrong with me.  Because I don't know why everyone really seems to like these books.  Ugh.  They drag on.  The story line isn't cohesive.  It's so grim.  I mean it reads like the author is reporting on the real lives of the characters and taking a few literary liberties.  It's great that it's realist but if I wanted that I'd read a book about Henery the 8th or Richard the Lion Hearted or something.  If I'm reading fantasy fiction I want a goo...more
p1962
aVAfter watching the first two episodes of Game of Thrones Season 1 during its television premiere week, I told I myself to purchase the book, and I did so the following day.The show's a good show thanks to its production team and its story; but in A Game of Thrones, you get to enjoy the story a 100% more.I initially found the writing style of George R.R. Martin in the A Song of Ice and Fire series a bit peculiar as each chapter takes on a different character perspective rather than a chronologica...more
p1963
aVI considered skipping this part of the series since I had already seen the first season of the television series but I'm glad I decided to go ahead and crack it open. I thought I'd just feel like I was reading a recap of the show with a few added details, and to a degree I was right, but it was still enjoyable and I was able to form my own vision of Westeros parallel to the one of the series that I had grown comfortable with.I actually began watching the series on blu ray as I worked through the...more
p1964
aVNormally if I decide to read a book version of something that's been adapted into a television show or movie, it's because I enjoyed the screen version and am hoping for a little bit more insight into the story - the little bits that may have been cut for screen time, the thoughts of a character that weren't convenient to turn into a monologue. Alas, that was completely unnecessary in the case of Game of Thrones.  In contrast to True Blood and the Sookie Stackhouse novels, which takes great liber...more
p1965
aV                    When one hears that something is high fantasy the natural assumption is that it will be all fake old English language and the usual scope of Merlin-esque fiction. I first found out about GOT like most people have through the awesome tv show trailers. I thought that I knew how GOT was going to be but my brother, being the typical boy, sees creepy things in the woods and just falls in love. he recorded the two minute preview and we watched it on a loop. I was hooked from the very beginning. Then...more
p1966
aVThis was one of the most amazing books ever. I think that with all the other books out there, they must bow down to this one. Martin really did something, he brought it out there and with every chapter there was a reasonable cliff-hanger where you really didn't know what would happen. And unlike every other book, there isn't a main cast that you knew would survive to the end. Instead, he went on killing off many of the main characters, but still adding more, until it became possible to count the...more
p1967
aVSo far, I love it. I love that this is sci-fi fantasy rooted in medieval times. I did watch the first season of "Game of Thrones" and it prompted me to read the books. The series matches the book so far, seemingly word for word (although I have not verified this). What I gain from the books is reliving the series again (before watching the second season I planned on re-watching the first - now I won't have to) and getting an insight into what people are thinking. In the series, you must rely on...more
p1968
aVWhile I started reading this book, I didn't know that it was 800+ pages long (thank you Kindle) I found it to be a very interesting read! The Devil's in the details and this book is full of little devils lurking with every page turn! If you're a person who naturally tries to memorize them, you'll hate this book! But, if you're like me, and submit them only into your short term memory, able to be shaken out like an Etch-O-Sketch, you'll find a very interesting story, seen from many different poin...more
p1969
aVMore like three and a half stars, but I didn't have that option.  Really engaging and fun story, but the writing is repetitive and cliched.  I'm not too experienced with the Fantasy Genre, but I think that's just kind of par for the course.  In any event, the book's biggest draw back besides the language is the overwhelming tension.  There's rarely a release from it, the book starts off pretty high strung and stays that way the rest of the time.  This is only made worse by the book's other huge fault...more
p1970
aVS\u005cu0142ysza\u005cu0142am o tej ksi\u005cu0105\u005cu017cce ju\u005cu017c wcze\u005cu015bniej, ale jako\u005cu015b tytu\u005cu0142 "Gra o tron" zniech\u005cu0119ca\u005cu0142 mnie. Nigdy nie lubi\u005cu0142am typowych historii o rycerzach, ksi\u005cu0119\u005cu017cniczkach i kr\u005cu00f3lach w czystej postaci... A tak w\u005cu0142a\u005cu015bnie kojarzy\u005cu0142a mi si\u005cu0119 ta ksi\u005cu0105\u005cu017cka. Gdy zacz\u005cu0119\u005cu0142o by\u005cu0107 g\u005cu0142o\u005cu015bno o tej ksi\u005cu0105\u005cu017cce ze wzgl\u005cu0119du na wchodz\u005cu0105cy serial, natkn\u005cu0119\u005cu0142am si\u005cu0119 na program Doroty Wellmann, gdzie bardzo poleca\u005cu0142a t\u005cu0119 ksi\u005cu0105\u005cu017ck\u005cu0119 cho\u005cu0107 nie lubi fantasy. I tak zdecydowa\u005cu0142am, \u005cu017ce kiedy\u005cu015b przeczytam - z naciskiem na kiedy\u005cu015b... ale b\u005cu0119d\u005cu0105c w bibliotece zobaczy\u005cu0142am j\u005cu0105 na p\u005cu00f3\u005cu0142...more
p1971
aVI'm a big fantasy fan. It's my go-to genre, and I pride myself on that. But this book... I'm going to be honest: the first 500 pages were confusing and boring, which is never a good combination. Even after halfway, I was having trouble remembering who was who, where was where, and what was happening. The fact that it switched perspectives every chapter and half the places and names were unpronounceable didn't help. I've heard it called a classic (there's also a series on HBO and a videogame comi...more
p1972
aVI feel that I should apologize to all of the other exciting and enticing books that I had planned on reading within the next few months as I will now be dedicating all of my spare time to George R. R. Martin\u005cu2019s Song of Ice and Fire series. The first book in the series, A Game of Thrones, thoroughly surpassed my unreasonably high expectations.I had seen this series listed on numerous \u005cu201cBest of Fantasy/High Fantasy\u005cu201d book lists over the years. Having relegated the books to my own personal list of \u005cu201cSe...more
p1973
aV"What is honor compared to a woman's love? What is duty against the feel of a newborn son in your arms... or the memory of a brother's smile?  Wind and words. Wind and words. We are only human, and the gods have fashioned us for love. That is our great glory, and our great tragedy."  My favorite quote.  This is a story about honor (among other things) and I wish all the politicians in Washington would read it.I'm not one for fantasy.  In fact, this is probably the first fantasy book I've ever read -...more
p1974
aVIt's possible that giving this three stars is a cop out.  I get the impression that people are supposed to either love this or hate it, but not both and nothing in between.  But I'm kinda in between.  I flew through the first two thirds - I like world building - and then just got worn out.  It takes a lot of energy to process the names, places and histories of so many characters.  And I'm not sure what the point is.  LOTR is a giant allegory.  A Game of Thrones is, what, exactly?  Political intrigue?  I...more
p1975
aVTake a medieval historical setting then add a political intrigue possibly even surpassing Dune, a splash of fantasy for some wildness and magic (not too much, just enough), and grit of reality.  Now tell the story in chapter-sized pieces from about 10 different viewpoints, each moving the story along.  That's the series in a nutshell.  Sometimes the characters overlap a little, sometimes they are close enough to glimpse each other, sometimes they are worlds apart, but you know that they are slowly,...more
p1976
aVGeorge R R Martin is a man who can think of a good plot, create interesting characters and tell a good story. As such, I enjoyed reading this novel and found the intrigue and action entertaining. Each chapter deals with one of the principal characters and, at times, it is genuinely surprising and exciting. I'll almost definitely be buying and reading the second book in the series and ploughing through another 800 pages of the adventures.The downside to the book is the lack of quality of Martin's...more
p1977
aVJust when I was starting to mourn the ending of the Harry Potter years, I found this series. Yes, I was partially influenced to read the book as a result of the hubbub surrounding the HBO show. The television adaptation is brilliant, of course, but by reading the book first I was able to fill in all the gaps in the character development that the show lacked the time to always address.I'm excited to read the rest of the series once the semester is over. I care a lot about all the different charac...more
p1978
aV\u005cu201cA Game of Thrones\u005cu201c de George R. R MartinEmpec\u005cu00e9 a ver esta serie en HBO impulsada por mi hijo Danny y mi sobrino Mauricio que me dijeron que este g\u005cu00e9nero de miniserie me iba a gustar. La serie es fantasiosa y un poco violenta y habla de un tiempo y personajes ficticios por lo que a veces se complica seguir el hilo de la historia tratando de hilar las vidas de aproximadamente 50 personajes a lo largo y ancho de 7 reinos. Es quiz\u005cu00e1s por eso que durante la primera temporada constantemente transmitier...more
p1979
aVThis was a fantastic book, excellently written and a captivating story. I was hooked early, and it held my attention to the very last page: I may or may not have secretly read it under my desk at work multiple times. George R.R. Martin is a master at accurately creating a medieval world (complete with social norms that would be abhorrent in modern day society, which I heard Martin came under some heat for). At first when I'd heard that the narrative was split up among multiple characters, I was...more
p1980
aV To kick off my review I must admit had it not been for the HBO adaptation of this wonderful series I would have perhaps not even had a chance to come across this lovely piece of work by George R.R. Martin at all so I do owe them the thanks for introducing me to this fantastic tale, though the TV adaptation is brilliant completely I simply had to read the inspiration behind it and hence began my journey too.I believe for any book of any genre the most essential thing that can win over a reader o...more
p1981
aVI\u005cu2019ve never really operated on the \u005cu201cI loved that movie, so now I\u005cu2019m going to run out and read the book!\u005cu201d philosophy.  But after HBO\u005cu2019s Game of Thrones thrilled the pants off of me this summer, I wanted to give the books a try.  After reading the first volume of A Song and Fire and Ice, I can verify that (a) the book also thrilled my pants off, and (b) they did a pretty incredible job with adaptation for the show.  I feel that the greatest strength of these stories is definitely the characterization.  M...more
p1982
aVI don't usually read this kind of fantasy, but I did enjoy this. It did get a tiny bit boring around the middle, just too much bad stuff piling up for everyone. But the characters were really engaging and I just had to know what happened to them. The writing is unobtrusively good, with hints of depth here and there. A big plus for not getting too caught up with detailed landscape descriptions, which I personally hate. It *is* quite detailed with the description of clothing, but since that is par...more
p1983
aVThe first book in the series, A Song of Fire and Ice. Quite simply, one of the best fantasy series I have read in years. Perhaps only Tolkien's Lord of the Rings is better. The story of the noble Stark family of Winterfell begins here and all the subsequent tragedies that follow. George RR Martin is an exceptional writer that crafts characters that are believable. He has a knack for taking even minor characters and giving them a description that sticks in your mind long after you have moved on t...more
p1984
aVSo far, I'm enthralled with this series. I like the way the author has assigned one chapter to each of the characters at a time. At first, the names were so foreign sounding that it was difficult to keep track of just who was who. However, as I read on, it starts to fall in place as it usually does. I imagine I will read the rest of the series; in fact, I've already purchased the second one. I wish I could watch the TV series of the same, but will have to wait until it's released on DVD and afte...more
p1985
aVThere are books that you can't put down and then there are books that you must put down in order to catch your breath and collect your thoughts.  This book is one of the latter.  I had never been as excited to read a book in my life as I had to read this.  The few moments or hours I could sneak in in a day were the highlights.  I grew to genuinely love the characters, despise the characters, but above all feel for the characters.  George R. R. Martin created a world where Dragons fly, honorable men a...more
p1986
aVITS SO ONI don't even have a shelf to put this on, except for that I reserve for my favorite comfort books. To see the show, and then literally READ the show - best thing ever. I don't know why this series was so hidden from mainstream for so long - perhaps the fantasy genre gives it a bad rap. But its not just fantasy, its humanity and relationships and the complicated world that so easily resembles our own, yet is so different. I think where Martin excels as a writer is in his ability to bring...more
p1987
aVVery entertaining.  I've not read any fantasy other than the major classics like Lord of the Rings.  But this is being made into an HBO series which I happened to see an episode of at a hotel, and piqued my interest.  There's very little magic or other supernatural elements here, it's more of a medieval epic in a fictional setting.  It's very adult about sex and violence, which is interesting because it puts a twist on a very romanticized genre/time period.  My understanding is that the series is ver...more
p1988
aVI kept hearing so many good things about A Game of Thrones and with the new HBO series airing they hype was building up.  I decided to read this epic fantasy masterpiece and very quickly got bored. One of the problems I had with the book is the amount of characters, there are way too many to really enjoy the story. The only character I even remotely cared about was Tyrion Lannister because he was the only one that actually felt real to me. Everyone else is stiff and before you get attached to the...more
p1989
aVI hate this book. I hate it hate it hate it hate it hate it.So now I must read the next one.Ok, so I don't actually hate it. But at one point, I wanted my review to simply be "Spoiler Alert: EVERYONE DIES." But obviously since there is another book, and another, and another, and the fifth coming out this summer with seven projected in all, everyone does not actually die. But for all of the sentimental hearts out there, specifically me, I must warn you that if you want to read this book, be ready...more
p1990
aV George R.R. Martin cannot write realistic children. It is hilarious & entertaining. Every once in a while he'll throw in a childlike line & you remember "OH YEAH THIS CHARACTER IS LIKE SEVEN". I did enjoy the depth & complexity of ALL of the characters, age flaws notwithstanding; especially the fact that he was able to make me hate an eleven-year-old for being a dumb, dumb bitch to the point I was actually screaming that out loud during her perspective chapters. But her nine-year-ol...more
p1991
aVIt took me a little while to get the time needed to give this book the attention it requires. With such a cast of characters you need to be reading it regularly in order to keep track of who is who (frustratingly I only found the family trees at the back after I was a number of chapters in!)I enjoyed the read, except for one gripe (a common one I think from reading other reviews) and it is this which kept my rating at 3 stars rather than 4. I enjoyed the portrayal of different cultures and famil...more
p1992
aVI fell in love with this book, long before I ever read it. A friend was reading it and each day she would come to work and tell me what she had read the night before. She told me the tale, bit by bit, as she made her way through the book. I never knew the name of the book, nor the author, as I always forgot to ask. It wasn't until years later that I picked up the book and started reading it on my own, only to find out that I knew what it was.There are so many characters, leading such different l...more
p1993
aVI got the series as a present from my Sister-in-law, and I've been unable to put it down since reading the first few chapters of this, the first book in the series. The series deals with the struggles between the great houses of a fictional land called "Westeros", with most of the main protagonists belonging to House Stark. Martin does a great job of setting up the political scene in his fiction, and slowly draws us into his twisted world of intrigue, betrayal, incest and violence, with themes f...more
p1994
aVThis book and the Fire and Ice series have quickly become among my favorites and a series that I readily recommend to my friends. I found myself totally immersed in a story filled with surprises and unexpected twists. The hero does not always win with Martin, and sometimes it is difficult to see who really is the hero or the villain. The story flows as you jump from character perspective to character perspective never feeling lost nor having that urge to leap forward to see what happens to Arya...more
p1995
aV800+ pages.  Let me begin with that.  Now let me say that this is the second fantasy book that I have checked-out based on high recommendations and lots of praise ... that I have not liked as much as I had hoped.  Lots of cursing, lots of medium-graphic descriptions of intimacy, sexual assalut, beheading, and maiming.This book is best recommended for people who like their fantasy stories full of political maneuvering.  Too much interplay between political alliances for my taste.  No magic, just knigh...more
p1996
aVI read it in one sitting (and it's a long one) . . .literally staying up well past 4 am to finish it.  Granted I was just finishing high school and had nothig to do the next day, but at that age I rarely even read a book, let alone in one day!
p1997
aVIn the interest of full disclosure, I really like the HBO series of the same name, and have seen all of seasons 1 and 2, eagerly awaiting season 3, before I read the first book.  Generally, that's not how I like to do things, but...well...these books are long.But, I finally got around to reading the first book of the series, and I honestly was not much surprised.  The book and the TV show are very similar, though, like in most things, the book offers more detail in places, and a different, often s...more
p1998
aVI'm sure there are clear and vivid reviews that already exist for this series. For my part, the thing that stands out most about the book is the depth of the characters and the extensive coverage of The Seven Kingdoms. Having first seen the show, the primary differences in the book are that of Tyrion's experience in battle and the exhaustive descriptions of the keeps and castles and how they are defended. I came away from most of the explanations feeling that each and every keep was impenetrable...more
p1999
aVThe setting: The seasons are long. Summer and winter can stretch for years, which is good when it is summer. When it is winter, however, ... The primary players: House Stark - Lord Eddard (Ned) Stark, his wife Lady Catelyn, his children Rob, Bran, Rickon, Arya, Sansa, and Ned's bastard, Jon. Winter is coming. People of the north. A noble house where strength, duty, honor, and loyalty are valued. Cards in a game that is stacked against them. Valiant in response. Except for Sansa, a girl of little...more
p2000
aVYa tengo a mis personajes favoritos elegidos ahora, \u005cu00a1falta que se los carguen!
p2001
aVI would like to rate this book 3 1/2 stars!I must admit, I had problems with the first half. It took me several months to read it because it was very confusing and exhausting at times. Countless names, places and details on every page with almost no explanation whatsoever. This was no read for in between...The second half was amazing though. I liked the "children-chapters" way more than the "adult-chapters" and I think it will get really interesting to see the characters grow!I wish there was a...more
p2002
aVI watched the T.V. series because of all the hype, and then started reading the books. Probably a mistake, because knowing what happened made it harder to get to the end, but you don't have to read very far in to understand why this series is so huge. I'm quite surprised that I didn't discover these books before, actually, because it's exactly the sort of thing I like to read. This high-fantasy world was really convincing, which I was surprised at because most fantasy books with historical setti...more
p2003
aVI read this book the way one makes a patchwork quilt. I started the book simply as an audio book. Towards the end, I was able to get my hands on the eBook version and read along as I listened to the audio book. Finally, I just read the last 60 pages without the aid of the audio book. Before I discuss the book, I just want to touch on the audio book. The normal speed for this book is impossibly slow. I would recommend listening to the book at 1.2x speed. Even at this speed, there seemed to be imp...more
p2004
aVWinter is coming. This ominous message, the words of the Starks of Winterfell, the lords of the North portray the theme of this epic beginning to George R.R. Martins masterpiece series A Song of Ice and Fire. As the land of Westeros leaves the bountiful plenty of the longest summer in living memory, unrest and war come to a land that has been at peace since the rebellion of Robert Baratheon. As winter approaches, Westeros is thrown into chaos following the death of the king and a mad struggle fo...more
p2005
aVI started reading this book because I wanted to watch the HBO series.  Um, yeah.  I fell right into this book and did not want to come back out.  Martin tells a story the way it should be told: unapologetically, with no favorites.  The characters are undoubtedly human in their struggles to do what they believe is right.  The line of good and bad may seem clear cut, but is it really?  The twist and turns that happen in these characters lives has kept me guessing from the start.  After the third book, I...more
p2006
aVSPOILERS PROBABLY.I don't normally cotton to books so heavy on Politics and Intrigue and People Being Horrible to Each Other. That said...I really adored this book! I found myself eagerly awaiting my next reading session with it. I appreciate that in a book with eighty skillion characters, I was never very confused. I mean, family trees of BIBLICAL proportions and Martin still did a great job of gently reminding me who begat/married/killed/cheated on/betrayed whom.I was not prepared for the deat...more
p2007
aVAs a self-proclaimed "anything" reader, I fell in love with this book. Having watched the first two seasons of the HBO show "Game of Thrones", I wanted to read the books before watching any more future seasons. Without bias of the other books of the series clouding my review, I found the novel to be somewhat confusing, but the appendix is helpful with keeping character connections clear. The imagery is quite amazing and with the help of the show, I find my imagination running wild with images an...more
p2008
aVI had high hopes and I don't really understand how they got a fantasy rating as there's not much fantasy to this story. It is a rather predictale medieval-Engandesque story about a fight for power. I really liked the Starks, I really had hopes for Ned and Catelyn, certainly their children, but the story just goes on and on and it really doesn't end well but it sets up nicely for the next book. I don't know how you could have years of cold and have people survive, I don't know how that climate th...more
p2009
aVI expected it to take a long time to finish this book, and I expected it to be painful.  Books that EVERYBODY loves usually are painful or at least "meh" to me.  But I liked this one.  At some points, I loved it.  I even look forward to reading the next in the series.But I have no idea why I liked it.The writing isn't as spectacular as people have claimed.  I mean, it's good.  If I wrote a book that well, I wouldn't be embarrassed to see it on the shelf.  The story is good, but again - not spectacular....more
p2010
aVNo holds barred! If you are looking for 'happily ever after' then A Song of Ice and Fire may not be the series for you. The good guy doesn't always win, the bad guy isn't always punished, and most characters are driven solely by their own selfish desires. Sounds a lot like reality, right? This series is grippingly believable with elements of magic and the supernatural to boot. It will keep you in constant suspense and surprise you at every turn. It is a culmination of storylines told in shifting...more
p2011
aVI liked the way that each chapter was told from a different character perspective, I know that some reviews have knocked this series for that.  And being a historical fiction reader, I was used to the giant cast of characters and how they were interrelated, so that didn't bother me either. This book caught my imagination, I felt that I could really see in my mind the environments and people (and no I have not seen the TV series, although I might have to check it out one day).  I do wish that some...more
p2012
aV***THIS IS NOT YOUR ORDINARY KNIGHT'S TALE. It's got Knights, Dragons, Barbarians, Walking Dead, Wolves. Oh gosh it practically has everything! Not a simple read nor a happy one. Remember the game of thrones, you win or you die.***WOW. That last chapter... it was definitely... chilling. Seriously sent chills down my spine. This is an incredible saga or epic or whatever you call it. This book contains stories intricately woven together and there's surprise at every turn. You may love or hate the...more
p2013
aVLet me just say that I didn't find ANY of the characters boring. Even the characters that I would find an anoying personality type, are deeply engrosing in this tale. And those types of characters number just 2 for me in this book. There are so many characters, with such a broad range of personalities that there is someone to match everyones likes. Yet even the characters I initially found myself repulsed by, grow and change and are just as fascinating as those that I admire and empathize with.N...more
p2014
aVAbsolutely loved this book!  I did watch the 1st season of Game of Thrones on HBO first.  I heard about the show before realizing it was a book series as well.  The show was amazing, and the book even better.  Despite knowing what was going to happen I found myself completely enthralled with the book.  The book is laid out that you are following one character in each chapter, typically with a few chapters before you get back to that character.  It is well written but sometimes you really just want to...more
p2015
aVI was a skeptic. I don't read a lot of fantasy -- not because I don't like it but mostly because I'm still working my way through the Great Literary Works of All Time (An Exhausting Journey). I also didn't think anyone could match J. R. R. Tolkien for the perfect fantasy novel(s) until I read A Game of Thrones, the first book in George R. R. Martin's series, A Song of Ice and Fire. This novel is is not The Fellowship of the Ring by far, although Martin's dedication to the narrative style of Tolk...more
p2016
aVFinished reading 'Game of Thrones' last night. Now I am just falling out of bed to get to my nearest bookshop for 'A Clash of Kings'. Yup. It's that GOOD! Haven't been able to put it down...After having just finished reading the first book in the series. Anyone who says it is boring or not well written has odd to questionable taste. This book is easy to read and I found my self engrossed in the plot and totally lost in the world the author created. Martin leaves it no secret that characters make...more
p2017
aVWhat I like most about this book, is that the plot has so many twists and turns, it is hard to guess what will happen next. There are plenty of sudden moves, sudden changes, so it kept me going through the whole, long story. Most of the characters are well-developed; the personality of Tyrion Lannister is especially interesting, as his character is complex, and rather shrewd. All in all, this is a very dark story. Don't start reading it if you are looking for "happy". Actually, I did not read th...more
p2018
aVThis book was very well written. It bounces around from character to character between each chapter, and each chapter is ten pages or less, so it is fast paced, with plot developments being played out between several people, with their own unique perspectives and privileged information. I have my favorite characters thus far, Jon, the proud bastard of the lord; Arya, the lord's youngest daughter who behaves quite unbecomingly at court, wanting to learn how to fight and do boy things; Daenyrs, th...more
p2019
aVI watched the television series before I read the book, partially because one of my good friends said it would be better that way. I didn't really understand why, but I was more interested in tackling the ten-episode series than the ridiculously thick book, at least at the time, so that's what I did. As it turns out, my friend was correct. Watching the series gave me a firmer grip on the characters and their relationships and roles when I entered the world of the novel, and allowed me to develop...more
p2020
aVI had held off reading this for years, after doing my customary "Powell's test" (standing in the aisle and reading at random from a book to see whether the writing is strong enough to commit to 800 pages) several times.  More and more people kept telling me the Ice and Fire series was really good, and that the HBO show was worth watching, so I finally picked up a copy and dived in.I'm glad I did.  The first book was rather better than I expected; there are weak elements - not all characters or sto...more
p2021
aVThis series seems to be very "love it or hate it", but for me, it is most definitely a "love it". George R. R.Martin has some of the most superb character development skills I have encountered in some time -- not just with the main characters, but with virtually every character you encounter. The book is written in chapters named after the primary figure in said chapter, and hops around between a massive list of characters as you progress from chapter to chapter. This, for me, was part of what r...more
p2022
aVThis book did nothing for me. There were too many plotlines in play, and way to many characters to keep track of. It would have helped me had I known there was an appendix expaining who everyone was. This would have been better placed at the beginning of the book. Although there are battles and tournaments, not a lot happens in this book and it felt to me that it was just setting the stage for future books. Of course, while reading this one, I did know that there are at least four more books wri...more
p2023
aVI stand somewhere in the middle of the road on this book. First of all, it is substantially better than the HBO special would have led me to believe. Although this book certainly suffers from a preponderence of the so-called "Adult," the television series literally had its moments of the straight pornographic. Despite needless f-bombs, rape, and childish sexuality, the story itself was relatively compelling. More than anything, I enjoyed the colourful (in the most literal sense) descriptions of...more
p2024
aVAn epic fantasy novel with a great variety of characters. I like the idea of the wall to protect the kingdoms from the nothern wilderness, and the direwolves adopted by the children. It's obviously the first in a series so doesn't quite stand alone as a complete story and the climax I thought was slightly underwhelming but there is plenty to enjoy and I did get engrossed in the story and the fantasy world. I'll definitely read the next in the series.An epic fantasy novel with a great variety of...more
p2025
aVOMG! OMG OMG OMG! I appropriately used my powers of articulate writing for reviewing Anna Karenina. For A Song of Ice and Fire #1 I will instead GEEK. OUT. I LOVE THIS SERIES!!! Every time I get about 200 pages from the end (because they are ALL massive tomes) I immediately call my local bookstore and find out if they have the next series in stock or if they can order it. The plot lines are thickly interwoven with other plot lines of characters you didn't even know existed until the last 100 pag...more
p2026
aVMy computer does not like me right now. I watched The Game of Thrones TV series on a somewhat questionable website, and I may very well pay the price for it. Until then... a review! I will try to start with non-spoilery bits. Martin's characters are lovely. Martin had me smitten with his characters with a few lines of dialogue and/or some brief passages. I really admired his ability to make me care deeply about Jon, Tyrion, Arya, and Dany in such a short amount of time (and space!). Great writin...more
p2027
aVA song of Ice and Fire is the greatest fantasy epic I have read since Tolkien. I cannot give it the praise it deserves, nor recommend it strongly enough. It will be read for many years to come and always have a place on my shelf. 
p2028
aVWhile most authors will put their main characters through a bit of turmoil and danger, few run through them like Martin.  Like Martin's other work, it uses the sharp theme at points that one might find in noir, but never it's language.  At times, it seems to meander, but on the way he paints vivid vistas, personalities, and gives the environment life - and when you aren't paying attention, he just hits you with both barrels.  Not formulaic until you have read a ton of this author's pen.   I read this...more
p2029
aVI read this after watching the TV series, which feels slightly heretical, but in all honesty I probably would never have picked this up had I not been so taken with the adaptation. I'm extremely glad I did, however, because this was an excellent read.The majority of the book takes place in the Seven Kingdoms, where different Houses are beginning to challenge for power, first quietly, then more obviously as the book progresses. The sections told from the POV of Jon and Daenerys (documenting the a...more
p2030
aVThe first time I attempted to read Game of Thrones, I stopped midway through the prologue and gave up. It wasn't until I started watching the HBO series that I found a renewed interest in returning to the book. I was amazed by how true to the story the TV show was and how much more detail, information and plot I was able to get from the book. The better thing to say is that no matter how much I enjoyed the TV series, or the fact that I had already known how the first book would finished, I still...more
p2031
aVThis book is not good. It's not that it's poorly written or that the idea of the story isn't good, but every character is so awful, it was really hard to care about the plot. But what Martin did that was brilliant was to focus each chapter on one character--and they're short--so at the end of each chapter, I felt, well, I'll keep reading because I hope this character gets killed in the next four pages.Does this mean I didn't purchase the box set to finish the series? Of course not, but it's not...more
p2032
aVFantasy is not usually a category which appeals to me.I was disturbed by the vulgarity and vivid descriptions of torture and killings, and normally would have quit reading at this point. However, I got hooked on characters so much I read all 5 books in the series to see what would happen to them.  The cast includes vampire-like zombies, dragons, witches and wizards, giants riding mammoths into battle, skinchangers who can enter the body of an animal or bird and share their experiences. The actual...more
p2033
aVWell, to start, this book is not for those people who are looking for escapism. This book tackles realism, where there is no clear line between good and evil, and the heroes are the other sides villains. Violence and destruction is common, and human nature will be tested to its limit's. This is the game of thrones, and its either you win or you die.If I haven't scared you off yet, congratulations. The author, George R.R. Martin, has done a very good job. He did something new to the ever cliched...more
p2034
aVhttp://www.rantingdragon.com/a-game-o...A Game of Thrones barely needs an introduction. It is the first book in A Song of Ice and Fire by master writer George R. R. Martin, who has been praised for this series as \u005cu2018the American Tolkien.\u005cu2019 A Game of Thrones is a novel that almost transcends criticism. Its impact on the fantasy landscape (including television) is undeniable.In a land where seasons have been thrown out of balance, and winters can last years, Ned Stark is summoned by his old friend, K...more
p2035
aVI'll admit to being a bit skeptical about this story - would it end up being just another version of Lord of the Rings (which I love but I want to read LOTR not a substitute version)? I was pleasantly surprised by this story. Yes, it took some time to figure out who every character was and who they were related to (and it doesn't help that there are nicknames and half-siblings and fostered kids, etc....). Sure, the author provides a family list nicely organized in appendix form, but who wants to...more
p2036
aVI gave up on this on page 250. There are too many characters and not enough action. Every chapter is told from a different viewpoint. This struck me as more mental masterbation than story telling. It's a little hard to find momentum when everyone's focusing on different issues. Plus the vast majority of these people are unlikable. Tyrion, the dwarf, is interesting at least but most of the others are just jerks with no redeming traits. Incest is a huge theme in this book which is just ick! Arya a...more
p2037
aVAs evidenced by other threads on this site, this is a book people feel passionate about. Such passion makes a three star rating look like a sort of equivocation. But I'm not trying to sit on a fence, my rating is more of a reflection of confusion over my opinion. I'm not saying that I need to spend some time pondering the novel before I can more accurately appreciate it. A Game of Thrones doesn't require a lot of pondering, it's actually pretty mindless. The confusion is more of a function of my...more
p2038
aVOkay, I'm both happy and sad to have finished this one.  Sad because I didn't realize I didn't have it in Goodreads yet.  Happy because, well, I'm done.  Not that it's a bad book, mind you, just seemed to take me forever to read it.  Was initially debating whether to read it before the HBO series started or wait until after the first season.  Obviously, I decided to go for before.  Now that I have, I'm interested to see how they handle a lot of it.  A lot of adult things happening to fairly young girls...more
p2039
aV      I really enjoyed this book although I did not read it entirely at one time.  I read the first 275 pages, got bored and put it down for 5 months.  It was not until a friend finished it and suggested I keep at it.  I was glad I did.  The book picked up quickly from where I had left off and the last 200 pages were hard to stop once started.        This book was overwhelming and auspicious in its scope.  It was as though Martin had five or six really good ideas for books and decided to put them all together i...more
p2040
aVI haven't read any fantasy that wasn't "forgotten realms" based in a long time, and boy did I need it!  I really liked this new world and the characters that inhabit it.  I can't wait to find out what happens next.Now, let me talk about the things that I didn't like (even though nothing made me so upset that I didn't want to award five stars).  I didn't like the lack of magic...I know I'm probably in the minority here, but that's what I really dig about fantasy.  Right next to that, I like monsters....more
p2041
aVWow, this story is so in depth, I don't know where to begin.  I recently fell back in love with reading and have been searching for an adult fantasy novel and it appeared that I've found it.  There is so much history to the families and the land in which this story takes place, it feels more realistic than most stories I've read.Although the story is full with an array of characters, it's not too difficult to follow as plots unravel within each chapter, which is told from the perspective of many c...more
p2042
aVQuite possibly one of the best books I've ever read. I generally don't consider myself a fantasy fan (LOTR, Harry Potter excluded), but really enjoyed this series. Outside of taking place in a fictional world the fantasy in this book is very low key. It picks up as the series progresses, but at first it is non existent. The story is told through several characters points-of-view and Martin does a brilliant job with the characters, making you hate characters and then love them as their story arc...more
p2043
aVHonestly... if you haven't read this series, then, please, go do so now! Its wonderful, dark, but tempting all the way, very realistic and even bloody at times, but there's magic as well, just not your typical "harry potter" -magic!
p2044
aV846 pages. Before I start, allow me to say at I am, at heart a fantasy lover. I was raised on the masterpieces of J.R.R Tolkien and other fantasy authors, so perhaps my bar is set a bit high. But I have to say, this is one of the harder books to read I have EVER. READ. It's the book everyone's been reading, that everyone loved. Well. I'm not everyone. This book is only the first in a series of I believe six, and there is two more installments rumored to be in the works. I had a hard enough time...more
p2045
aVThe first book in the Song of Fire and Ice series, and the most surprising to me was that it is heavy on political intrigue and light on the fantasy elements that are interspersed throught the novel.  The chapters are told from a different character's point of view and are rotated among eight main characters, six of which are from the House of Stark.  The characters are well developed and plot moves fairly well considering the large amount of characters.  An appendix at the back of the book helps w...more
p2046
aVLike many people I'm sure, I became so enthralled in the television series that I just had to try the books out. And I can say I was not disappointed, Martin uses an amazing mix of intense action, drama and scandal to keep you interested throughout the book. Being a great fantasy writer, he has that special skill to create new worlds, lands, races, languages and histories with incredible depth. The style he uses by making each chapter from the point of view of a different character is something...more
p2047
aVYes, I am an of those people that only read the book because if the show. I admit it!  I do love the show but the books are far better (well the two I've read so far). If you're a fan of the show but haven't read the books yet, I strongly urge you too but my advice would be to watch a season and then read the corresponding book. My personal experience has been that the level of detail and inner dialogue that the books provide keep the books very engaging and interesting and though I haven't tried...more
p2048
aVThe Song of Ice & Fire by George R.R. Martin is an epic piece of fantasy literature. I read that most people find the series to be overrated, at least based off their opinions of the first book and will greatly disagree with my review. I respect that and actually can understand why some would think so. A Game of Thrones, in my opinion, is more of an introduction into the world that Martin has created. It introduces us to some of the key players in the series and also sets the foundation for...more
p2049
aVNot my cup of tea. To be fair, I'm giving the book four stars because it's marvelously written (although it's dense as all hell).  I think certain people will enjoy this type of epic fantasy more than others.  If you're the type of reader that picks up a book to feel good about life, stay away from A Game of Thrones. Everyone betrays everyone, characters die regardless of their status as main or secondary, and good doesn't always win. This doesn't make the book bad, it just makes it a candidate fo...more
p2050
aVAs you might be able to tell from my first status update, I went into this book a little nervously: people either seemed to love or hate it, and generally when half the world loves a book, I'm in the latter camp. I grew up on fantasy novels, but over the past few years I'd switched over to sci-fi, but after some glowing recommendations from a few friends I decided to give this a try. I'm glad I did - I enjoyed this much more than I thought I would.Don't get me wrong, there were definitely some a...more
p2051
aVGame of Thrones \u005cu2013 George R. Martin \u005cu2013 1996-2011This massive five volume series\u005cu2014about 4,500 pages\u005cu2014is magnificent.  And there are two additional volumes scheduled before the Fire and Ice Saga ends.  It is set in the land of Westeros where five self-proclaimed kings fight for dominance and a Wall separates Civilization (in the Seven Kingdoms) from Chaos (the wildlings\u005cu2014human savages, wights\u005cu2014corpses come to life again), and Others\u005cu2014primeval evil being).  Knights, outlaws, courts and armies,mand dragons cl...more
p2052
aVThis epic is ambitious in length and scope, and I guess I do not have to write further to convince you to read it.What prevents me from giving the book a higher rating, is that the book started out with a mystery, and failed to do something more interesting with it. the mystery drove me to browse through the page, but then, once the mystery was revealed at 2/3 of the book, the story just lost its pace for me. I found the actions quite cliched and predictable, and I hoped for turns and twists. I...more
p2053
aVLess sexist than advertised. Unless we are counting mentioning prostitution as sexist now. Are we doing that? The violence, also somewhat underwhelming, given the reviews. Probably it's just the expectations game. Everyone says brutal, you brace yourself. I found this a shade more realistically grim than average fantasy, but nowhere near as stomach-churningly unpleasant as The Mongoliad: Book One and not so far past some of  Tad Williams stuff. There's some rape, but I didn't find it excessive or...more
p2054
aVI usually prefer "hard" science fiction to fantasy. I guess that's why I didn't know about this book series until HBO did their production (which I have not seen) of this novel. The book was slow going at first, as there were so many characters it was difficult to remember how they related to each other, or fit into the broader picture.  But once I got going, I found the book difficult to put down.  The planetary environment, peoples, and lifestyles that Martin has created are quite varied, althou...more
p2055
aVSo, after reading Brandon Sanderson's Mistborn trilogy, being wowed by the first book in the series and disappointed by the next two, I started reading George R. R. Martin's A Game of Thrones with a bitter taste in my mouth from the genre of epic fantasy. I didn't want to get my hopes up, or get carried away. But boy, was I wrong.A Game of Thrones is wondrous. There's not really another word for it. George R.R. Martin has lovingly (it really does show) crafted a living, breathing fantasy world t...more
p2056
aVThis is not a book for me.George R.R. Martin is a fine writer, I suppose, but I can't stomach what he writes.The book is a series of horrifying deceptions and cruelty. I had never imagined so many gruesome scenarios of torture, rape, and murder--and now I want them out of my head. Early on I realized that "good" characters are precious few and by their goodness, sentenced to misery. It's a story where every character with a shred of honor or morality is pushed out a window, brutally attacked, or...more
p2057
aVI was under the impression that this book was along the writing style of JRR Tolkien and Terry Brooks, but I would say this book is so much more "adult" themed -- less magic -- and more lessons learned the hard way. Each chapter follows the storyline of a different character. Martin just tosses you in the story and you have to remember all the names that are thrown out there. Luckily, if you stick with it -- all those names and places start piecing themselves together. Seriously, there are tons...more
p2058
aVWhere to start... I've read the whole series (such as it is, through "A Dance with Dragons"), and I've never had a book or series grab hold of me the way that "A Song of Ice & Fire" has.That said, the first volume begins somewhat tediously.  You won't find much action or intrigue in the opening chapters; Martin starts off by introducing you to the various players in the game, and right away you are plunged into the amazing depth and detail that Martin applies to each character and situation....more
p2059
aVHard to get into, but so worth the 835 pages! This is my new fandom. I was very jarred at first by the graphic sex, violence, and cutthroat attitudes of many of the characters, but you get used to it after a while, and once that happened, I was able to enjoy it more. This series has probably some of the most intriguing, complex characters in all of literature. And the world of Westeros and Essos is absolutely enthralling. For a nerd/geek like myself, this is second only to Tolkein (and in some c...more
p2060
aVSo I got this on a whim not actually looking at the description, thinking it was historical fiction.  I was perplexed by all the references to "The wall" and I was confused as to why Hadrian's Wall was several hundred feet high.  And then weird blue eyed warriors came out and killed people and I realised it was a fantasy book I was reading.  Ah.  And a good one at that.  With each chapter you become engrossed in the character's narrative, only to be jerked away from the scene in the next chapter.  The...more
p2061
aVI got somewhere between 100 and 200 pages in (I'm not even sure any more) and nothing much really seemed to happen. It just screamed to me from page 1 that the author was trying to make the new Lord Of The Rings, but failed miserably. I know it's hard to live up to such great standards, but this didn't even come close. The writing style seems pretty much the same, except George Martin just couldn't pull it off. I also didn't like the way women were talked about in this book, I mean I know in the...more
p2062
aVI am enthralled by this series.  Book 1 is hard to get into, as the story is an epic saga so it is hard to follow the characters and their families at first.  As you get into it, you start learning the geography and mythology of this alternate reality, and it becomes easy to follow how the myriad characters are interconnected. I have read the series through Book 5 and can't wait to see what happens next.I'm not typically really into fantasy, but this series is set in more of a dystopian alternate...more
p2063
aVI was really late to the game in starting this series, but I absolutely loved the first book.  I tend to be more of a Science Fiction girl (though I do love me some Tolkien), but this story really appealed to my desire for a fleshed out, believable world.  Martin provides extensive detail without losing the threads of a gripping story, as many sprawling fantasy works are prone to doing.  I particularly enjoyed how he took great pains to create flawed, likeable characters and blurred the lines betwe...more
p2064
aVOverall I loved the story. It is missing a fifth star because i found myself wanting to skip the chapters of the characters I felt less involved with. And because the writing style was too wordy for my taste. Say the same thing with less words would be good advise for Mr. Martin. Would have liked to have seen the women treated better. I get that the world is built on misogyny, would have hoped for it to have been toned down a bit: the abundant use of sex as a weapon got a little old. The good th...more
p2065
aV          My book is A Game of Thrones written by George R.R. Martin. It is the first book of the searies A Song of Ice and Fire. At the begining they talk about the main family "The Stark". The family is made of 4 male and 2 female. The youngest of the males is Bran he is about 10 years old. The youngest girl is Arya Stark she is about 11 years old. The oldest male is Jon Snow the Bastard of the House of Stark. Jon was adopted when he was a little child. The other girl is Sansa Stark. The next kid is Ro...more
p2066
aVThe first time I read this book, I got halfway through it and I threw it at the wall. The TV show and rereading it showed me exactly why I did so - I got overwhelmed with the number of characters he created and got impatient. He fixes this problem later on - he kills enough characters to make it manageable. My frustration in my prior reading was just not being able to keep track of everyone.My complaint with the number of characters stands - he makes a lot of characters so he can kill them. Not...more
p2067
aVI admit that I did not start reading this series until after I saw the HBO series "Game of Thrones" and received several recommendations to read the books.  For a book FULL of prominent characters, a plethora of intertwined storylines, and more complexity than I thought possible, I enjoyed reading "A Game of Thrones" very much.  I immediately ordered books 2 and 3 of the series and have not yet been disappointed.  The slow unveiling of Westeros history and the hints of character back-stories are fa...more
p2068
aVGood. Night.I'm not the fastest reader in the world, so this incredible adventure took the better part of two weeks to complete. But I am definitely not complaining. I would read it again in a heartbeat. I kept pretty consistent status updates throughout this book and they probably give the best review I could write, but I'm going to try and collect a few major thoughts there. From beginning to end, my almost school-girl crush on Jon Snow grew and grew. I would have been happy if the entire 800...more
p2069
aV "When you play the game of thrones, you win or die" This is an amazing book, epic in a sense. Welcome to the world of the Seven Kingdoms, filled with deceit, fabled animals, the Others in The Haunted Forest, death, survival, and amazing characters. Written in third person but each chapter written in different main characters the book flows fluidly. The King has come to Winterfell appointing his new Hand, the Long Summer is ending, and everyone is looking to take over the Throne. There is no tru...more
p2070
aVIf you're looking for a High Fantasy book with lots of magic, dragons and action, you won't find it here. Admittedly it wasn't completely what I was expecting, and it was confusing with all the different points of view at first - at least until you got to grips with which characters was which and what was going on and such. There were a LOT of names to learn, and I had to keep checking the Appendix to make sure I was thinking of the right characters from the right families. It took a bit of enjo...more
p2071
aVWOW! Besides Star Wars, this was my first read in the fantasy genre and it was amazing! I have to admit, however, that if it weren't for the HBO series I would have never heard of it. I loved the show, and since the show doesn't really stray from the book (almost every scene made it in the show), it was a pleasure to read! The only thing I don't understand is why HBO had to go out of their way to add so many "HBO" scenes that weren't in the book. I think that kind of lowered the maturity level o...more
p2072
aVI don't know what I was expecting. Maybe I had seen too many status updates on how awesome this book/miniseries was so I thought I'd give it a chance. If I was a guy, and into WOW, and liked medieval literature, this book would have been the best novel ever written. Alas, I am none of those. So getting through the 807 pages was a chore. And yet, I was determined. It was pretty intriguing and so elaborate. I actually read the genealogies of the characters in the appendix! I had to find out what h...more
p2073
aVI thought I had closed the door on fantasy books in my teens, aside from LOTR - which I read in my late 20's! Oh and of course the Harry Potter Series. This is a captivating read that draws you right into the world of Westeros where the seasons are unpredictable and the night is dark and full of terrors. It blends a medieval world full of knights and maidens, dragons and mammoths, dwarfs and giants and the walking dead. What's not to love? The characters are familiar, there are the good guys wit...more
p2074
aVHoly crow!!  Definitely closer to 4.5 stars.  Such a fantastic read.Solid, compelling, character-driven fantasy novel!!  My favorite kind.  Now that's not to say that there's not plenty of action, because there is A TON of stuff going on in this book, it never slows down.  But the depth and richness of all these characters is what really does it for me.  I was completely hooked from start to finish.  I have already started the second book.Why only 4.5 stars?  Well, Martin does NOT pull any punches.  This...more
p2075
aVVery well written. There are elements of Agatha Christi and JRR Tolkien--it's a science-fiction mystery chess game. This book is mostly set-up, but it's not merely an introduction to the characters. For many of us it was an introduction to George RR Martin (or, as I like to call him, GRRyuM because he makes me angry but I love him for it). He creates complex and believable characters that explore every type of psychological profile, but he is also not afraid to kill off those he has built up in...more
p2076
aVI loved the atmosphere this novel created. The pure detail and thought that goes into this series is beyond belief. My only complaint is that you do need to keep track of all of the characters, as there are quite a few. Apart from that, it is definitely worth a read.The main characters are so fleshed out, and flawed to created believability. Martin describes with outstanding detail, the feast scenes in particular. And he has no fear of showing how gritty and aggressive life can be. He doesn't he...more
p2077
aVThis book was refreshing. If you read the book you will call me nuts for using that word, but let me explain. This book is atypical - it does not follow the usual cadence of books - eg. introductions, dilemma, climax, resolution. For many people this is a turn off, however I enjoyed the change of pace. Martin would make a miserable god, as he is constantly torturing is creations. Just as soon as you begin to love a character, tragedy strikes. Many of the books on my shelf are young adult, this b...more
p2078
aVIt took me a while to actually get into the book, but I liked it more at the end than near the beginning. Honestly, I would have been fine if all the action just stayed on the Wall.I liked Tyrion the most, probably because his character seemed the most developed. Most of the characters were cliches...some were rather dull. However, there was a lot of action throughout the book and it kept the pace flowing. In that respect, there wasn't a good amount of explaining and I got rather lost trying to...more
p2079
aVI don't even know what to say about this. Other than I absolutely loved it. It may be wrong of me, but I tend to steer clear of 'epic fantasy' novels. Especially those written by men. Tolkien aside, of course. I just never seem to connect with men's writing style. I realize this is a perfect way to miss out on some amazing books. 'Game of Thrones' showing me this. I loved how this book has a definite fantasy feel to it, and yet there is no magic. There are other things, especially at the end, bu...more
p2080
aVOkay . . . I couldn't finish this book, and I gave it such a chance, too. I would be digging one of the characters then all of a sudden that chapter would end and I'd be thrown into another chapter that featured that on character only. It's like a book that contains a bunch of mini-books, the characters never really mixed I guess.  I got pretty frustrated, throw in the middle ages grammar and stuff and I was thoroughly bored. Action was rare. I was pretty upset about it, too. I was on vacation an...more
p2081
aVWell...this book was just absolutely amazing. This was the first time where I actually saw the series before reading the book in which the story comes from. At least 99% of the show is faithful to the events that take place in the book. Some of the things that were different were the lack of battle scenes in the show (probably due to budget) and adding some extra scenes here and there for the sake of character development (which isn't bad either). It was really cool reading the book right after...more
p2082
aVHmmmmm. Well, I read this book so that I could be a good and informed citizen of the world (much the same reason that I read Twilight.) There are some good things and some bad things about it, but over-all I feel the easiest thing I can say about it is "That was pretty okay, and definitely better than Twilight."Good things:* Complex yet consistent plot. There are 8 zillion characters and they're all doing something which I expect will ultimately be important. Possibly not until the end of the la...more
p2083
aVA book of plenty, with some unnecessary.I find myself strongly urged to tie this book together with a theme, and to do that by saying: A Game of Thrones is a book about companionship. Most specifically I'd imply animal companionship, because the book also portrays the fall human companionship at several key points. As of yet the only time an animal companionship has failed was as a result of that animal's owner's judgements, strengthening my belief in this book's intention.A Game of Thrones is a...more
p2084
aVI've read it before, and with the recent HBO show under my belt it was interesting to re-read and see how the two mediums had influenced my views.  By and large my favourite characters remained the same(though the second book, which I'll be re-reading shortly, changed that a bit by making Sansa, previously one of my least favourite characters, my favourite... or at least her chapters became my favourite to read...) but there are characters who I passed over a bit the first time over(Ser Jorah is...more
p2085
aVThis book is fabulous.  It was recommended to me by A LOT of people. The stills from the TV show intrigued me and so I wanted to read the book before I watched the show. Oh. My. God! This book is PHENOMENAL and OUTSTANDING! If Lord of the Rings spent more time on the characters and less on the plot and stage direction, IT WOULD BE THIS BOOK! If Lord of the Rings was written in this day and age, IT WOULD BE THIS BOOK! For those not in the know, Game of Thrones is the first in a series about severa...more
p2086
aVI had several friends insist that I read this book, but I didn't actually start reading it until Game of Thrones (the show) premiered on HBO. At the end of each episode (of the show) I went "NOOOOO! I need to know what happens NEXT!!!" After about the 3rd episode, I went and bought the darn book. I found it very hard to put down, and finally finished reading it Friday night (stayed up an extra half an hour to finish it). Woke up on Saturday morning, went out and bought A Clash of Kings first thi...more
p2087
aVI cannot say enough good things about this book. While a high fantasy book, the story does not read like one - there are suggestions of magic and mystical creatures, but most people believe them to be gone. Instead of focusing on a journey or relying on mages and whatnot, as is expected from a stereotypical fantasy book, George R.R. Martin focuses on the characters, exploring the motivations of man and woman. Each chapter is told from a different character's point of view, and Martin seamlessly...more
p2088
aV4.5 starsNot at all a happily ever after for anyone really, but my goodness, what an ending! I can't wait to start the next one... NY resolution be darned!! I'm reading these in a row! What really came home through the last few hundred pages is that you really can't count on anyone being safe, and as such, it got really exciting! It was sad to lose certain characters though, especially those which I'd thought up whole futures for. :( I would say that the POV shifts released the tension, so I thi...more
p2089
aVThis was hard to get through.  Honestly, if it wasn't for the HBO series and everyone raving about it, I never would have finished it, and I finish almost every book I start.  My understanding is that the books become more fantasy oriented as the series progresses.  That's going to be a good thing in this case, because this book was basically a political novel.  Nothing wrong with that as such, but not my cup of tea normally.While Martin's writing was certainly good enough to keep me entertained, th...more
p2090
aVI'd heard wonderful things about the series, some even going so far as to warn me, "You will never be able to enjoy another series of books with the same fervor if you love the Ice and Fire books." It is so true that the minute I finished reading a A Game of Thrones, I headed to the Kindle Store to download A Clash of Kings.The very first chapter of this book sucked me in with a chilling promise of fretful darkness in a world where you can't just turn on the lights to get away from the shadows....more
p2091
aVOk, so I wanted to "kill" George Martin a couple of times (two to be precise) but that can tell a lot about the book itself. I often don't react so impulsive on reading. I can keep reading a book without major waves in my humor, but this one is exceptionally well written.The characters are well-build, strong or weak personalities well described, the story is overwhelming and the book flows freely. It doesn't bring major surprises if you follow a logical thinking and know a bit of medieval mental...more
p2092
aVoh my god, my screenreader says I'm only 15% through this book.  It's good, but it's moving at a slow march when I want it to FLY.  /o  (Surely it picks up.  It must!)~~~That was awesome.  It's still swirling around in my head, and I feel a little bad only giving it four stars but I don't feel quite as completely satisfied as I wish I did.  Part of that is the trouble with it being book one of an epic series, though.  Maybe I'll have to reconsider my ratings once I've finished the entire thing.I am in...more
p2093
aVEnjoyable fantasy, overall good with a major problem drawn out below.  Good enough that I was transported to their world, enjoyed the 900 or so pages, and still think about it a few days after finishing the book.  But not good enough to get me to read the following 3-going-on-6 more volumes.  Seems like typical Epic Fantasy Syndrome -- rather than telling a compelling and interesting story in 1-3 volumes, getting bogged down in too many details and subplots so that by book 4, 900 pages elapse and n...more
p2094
aVIt's a great series, but book one does get off to a slow and plodding start. Towards the end it redeems itself, but I very, nearly didn't get that far. The following books make up for it - but will the series ever be finished?
p2095
aVokay so yeah, when i was recommended to read this book, i was like 'hoo no way, this is way too dungeons and dragons for me. no thanks'. then i was highly, highly encouraged to just start reading and SEE, which you can't really say no to (especially when it's from someone whose opinion you highly trust & respect), so i did. and me likey.  get past the first part with the weird names and swords and dragons and stuff, and into the characters and the plot and you'll be  hooked. an amazing, engagi...more
p2096
aVObviously there is very little I can say about this novel that hasn't been said before.  I first read it way back in 1997 when it was a new paperback, before it had become the phenomenon that it is today.  I had never heard of it or, in fact, its author George R.R. Martin.  I was heading out TDY for some Air Force war gaming exercises and had mistakenly left my reading material at home. So I dashed quickly into an airport bookstore to rectify the situation.  I remember I was looking for a long epic...more
p2097
aVIt's really good and deserves 4 and a half stars...but Goodreads doesn't allow that. It's called A Game of Thrones  for a reason; even the title doesn't do the intricate, epic plotting justice. I won't say much; I don't want to spoil it: but it's grand and HUGE; it goes into the inner workings of a nation, exploring their minds and playing them against each other...Villains are pitiable, "good" characters are flawed and sometimes unbearable to be around, and morality is never black and white. In...more
p2098
aVI actually expected this book to be a little bit boring, even though it was intrigant. But I was completely wrong. Sometimes I got lost with all George R. R. Martin's characters, but the index at the end of the book helped me figure it out. It was a nice reading, I really loved that every character is strong in its own way, but still having its flaws. It was an initiatic road for everyone, we had the opportunity to see how the characters were developing right in front of our eyes. Extraordinary...more
p2099
aVWell... what can I say? George R.R. Martin has well and truly sucked me into this crazy fantastical political world. I am not one for fantasy, not that I don't enjoy it because I play many a fantasy driven RPG, but reading wise I can honestly say hand on heart I have never really been interested in picking up any fantasy novels and certainly not the kind that have a historical edge like game of thrones. I had dreaded starting this series because I thought the names, families, areas of this amazi...more
p2100
aVThere is little I can add to this review:http://www.goodreads.com/review/show/...except that I gave up on this after the first couple hundred pages. Time is expensive, especially mine. Much too valuable to spend on such pretentiousness.I was interested to see two things there: The review which best matches my own take is by someone who like me loves Leiber and Moorcock and finds Tolkien also fairly boring. This can't be coincidence!Like Lois McMaster Bujold's Vorkosigan books this one gets style...more
p2101
aVIf you like suspenseful, teeth gritting stories containing medieval reality mixed with mythological fantasy, I strongly recommend this book. A wonderous adventure awaits you filled with wonderfully crafted characters, some of which you will come to love and others you will come to hate, and others still that you simply don't know can be trusted. This book is filled with amazing discoveries and yet terrible tragedies that will leave you breathless and asking for more. I applaud you, George Martin...more
p2102
aVLike many readers, my curiosity to read "a game of thrones" began due to the virality of the award-winning tv show under the same name. Could it be possible that this book was good enough that, given a visual interpretation, would leave millions of viewers clinging to their seats? The simple answer is yes. The novel didn't disappoint. This fantastic yet believable tale of back-stabbing monarchs and revenge-seeking exiles can surprise you in every turn. Every detail, from the bone chilling cold n...more
p2103
aVSo I'm a bit of a late comer to the amazing world of 'A Games of Thrones' and yes, I've only discovered it because of the TV series. (Pause for booing and hissing) Maybe I'm getting old, but I'm glad I had the basic plot in my mind before I embarked on the epic-ness that is this literary series. Because it is an enormous world to immerse yourself in. That being said, this is a fantastic book that I could barely put down. I'm so glad there are more to come.Unsurprisingly the book is SO much bette...more
p2104
aVWow, just wow. I came to A GAME OF THRONES after watching the excellent television series, and despite knowing everything that was about to happen as I turned each page, I absolutely loved this book.George R. R. Martin has revitalised the fantasy genre, taking it away from the cliched, predictable and stereotyped and turning it into a fascinating work of literature. Yes, it's a mammoth undertaking but despite the lengthiness of this book it's an exceptionally easy read. In fact, that's one of it...more
p2105
aV4.5 Stars.Wowee. I had some serious doubts about how I would fare with this book but was pleasantly surprised. Usually if there's anymore than about 3 or 4 characters I have to keep track of then I'm completely lost but I found I was able to (mostly) keep everyone in order. Admittedly I did have to get flicking to the back appendices to work out some of the minor characters when they popped in and out but generally it wasn't a problem. Another problem I have is a severe case of series fatigue. I...more
p2106
aV"The devil is in the details, they say. A book this size has a lot of devils, any one of which will bite you if you don't watch out." George R. R. Martin wasn't joking when he made this remark about his new novel A Game of Thrones. The tale is the first of five novels in the A Song of Fire and Ice saga. This series has been awarded the title of an epic fantasy with inspiration from the writer's J. R. R. Tolkien and Tad Williams. A Game of Thrones itself is eight hundred seven pages in length pro...more
p2107
aVthis shiz is long.
p2108
aVScanning down the zillions of reviews for this book, I'm not surprised to see it has ignited equal passion in its haters and lovers! Ultimately, a massive long essay on how none of the story arcs are tied up, or how it bucks several fantasy tropes and is better (or worse) for it, is really to miss the entire point of reading a book like this.It is fun. It's is entertaining. It has a swathe of complicated characters, and it has some adult themes (the hanky panky and death quota is high!). I'm not...more
p2109
aVComplex, richly written, intriguing, but... It gets a low rating from me because I had to skim through some disturbing "adult" content that was mixed in with the stories of courage and honor. (It's like the author is manisfesting his own personal moral issues in his books.) Perhaps he was trying to acheive "realism" but it just comes off mostly amoral, harsh, and offensive to me.I've decided to not read the rest of the iconic series even though I am really curious to know what happens to the Sta...more
p2110
aV The prologue is from Will's pointof view, which is cool because he can see the conflict between Waymar Royce, and Gared, who really knows that they should get out before the snow zombies attack  but they stall to long and the snow zombies kill Will, and Roycein chapter 1 Stark executes someone from the Night's Watch; and Jon Snow finds some dire-wolf puppies after a stag killed the dire-wolf and Jon Snow who gets an albino dire-wolf pup. (This is important because the dire-wolf is the symbol of...more
p2111
aVI watched the first season of the HBO original series before I had ever read the books, which is fine. Even now, I will wait for 10 more weeks to read "Clash of Kings" so as to not spoil the series. However, having seen the very faithful series does not at all detract from the books.This tale is so rich, so full of detail, and so well written that I'm certain that I will read it over and over again, just as I have "Lord of the Rings." Occasionally when reading, I had to pause to remind myself th...more
p2112
aVJan 16 2012: I read most of this series a few years ago, but it's been long enough & I remember too little to move onto the next book, so I'm going to listen to the audiobooks of the series. Jan 25 2012: thanks to a bad cold & a few sick days, I'm about 10 hours into the 40 hour audiobook version of this. Even having a vague memory of the things that were coming up in this book, Some of the events have still be startling and even shocking. Martin does rely a bit on cliche and I do think...more
p2113
aVI watched the TV show first (which is what inspired me to delve into this genre in the first place), and maybe I would've rated this higher if the book alone had introduced me to the characters and plot. Instead, it felt like I was reading a screenplay of the TV series. I'm one of those rare people who wants a screenwriter to bring his own magic to a story rather than copy+paste all of its text and scenes. But, "Game of Thrones" is my first epic fantasy. I was determined to finish it. And, at ov...more
p2114
aVMy review begins with an adapted scene from Michael Chabon's the Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay:--- I smiled at George R.R. Martin.  "You know, don't you, that this is pure trash."  "You're right," said George R.R. Martin through his teeth.  "Trash sells."  "By God it does," I said. ---I thought this was pretty trashy, but I read it, and I liked some parts.  Page 334 or 335 was a laugh out loud moment when he broke out the "remembered an urgent engagement elsewhere" cliche in a middle ages...more
p2115
aVI wanted to love this, I really did.  I guess I was expecting it to be this mind blowing novel, since the HBO show was really popular for season 1 and because I've been hearing so much hype about how Martin has finally released a new book in the series (after 6 years!).  I don't know if it was the book per se, or if I've been spoiled by reading Ken Follett's The Pillars of the Earth, but this book was just ok for me.  Oh I still stayed up at night reading much later than I should, the book was a pa...more
p2116
aVI tried watching the TV show and for some reason I didn't bother (which is weord because it has everything I love in TV shows except maybe an abundance of hmor).I gave the books a try though because people who have a wonderful taste when it come to literature recommended them to me.And I loved it. It's quite amazing how many details there are and how real this world it. The characters are interesting as is the plot (I even managed to keep up with the different names and so forth, which is usuall...more
p2117
aVBy far the best portrayal of the cruelty of the Middle Ages is in Shakespeare's Richard III. Oops, I mean The Lion in Winter. Or Boethius. Or Dante.Well, "A Game of Thrones" has got to be in the top 50. Somewhere around 49...Four stars because this book REALLY TRIED. Wow. I still don't know who half the characters are. The amount of detail that went into this world is mind-boggling. This thing has more wacky characters than Baccano, and if you don't think that's saying something, you've never wa...more
p2118
aVLike many others I decided to read the book after watching the brilliant HBO TV show which I absolutely loved. I started this book with a lot of anticipation and always trying to discern the book with the TV show. Even though the TV series was true to the book agreeably, still while reading the book it painted a lot of new pictures and obviously a lot of details were polished off in the TV adaptation. A few characters like that of Ros were added whereas Blackfish was absented in TV show. The ori...more
p2119
aVDamn. Just...hot damn.Random thoughts:- Arya is my favourite character. So is Tyrion. Jon, too, at first, but he can be thick in the head sometimes. I might come to like Robb in the future. I also like Bronn, come to think of it.- Sansa is a brat; I would like her head on a spike.- Catelyn started it all, dammit. Over and over I keep thinking if things might have changed if she haven't done what she did. I only felt a moment of satisfaction twice: when she asked herself if she might be wrong abo...more
p2120
aVWow this was a monster of a read.  I feel like it is the beginning of a truly great story, but I'm concerned by a few things.  I am completely uninterested in a large number of the characters because I feel like they just weren't written with any depth.  Not that there ISN'T depth.  Just that the writer didn't let us see it a lot of the time.  He used the tell method instead of the show method with Catelyn Stark in particular.  The political intrigues became a bit slow and, in general, I found myself...more
p2121
aVthis was one long book. needless to say i'm exhausted after reading it. could it have benefited from a little trim, say about 300 pages? sure. but i really liked the story. i do however think that the hbo series helped and i don't know how far i would have gotten without some of the clarity that it shed on the many moments of confusion while reading. because i saw the hbo series there were really no surprises for me so that was a little disappointing. however, i gained much more insight into the...more
p2122
aVWith all of the hype surrounding the recent HBO series A Game of Thrones, which I haven't seen yet but plan to, I thought I'd read the book first. I thought it was okay, but ultimately ended up finishing out of sense of duty. I wonder if I'll end up reading the other books in the series out of the same sense of obligation.An 800-page fantasy book that at times reads like the overheated imagination of a hard-core Dungeons & Dragons player, A Game of Thrones, by George R.R. Martin, is full of...more
p2123
aVThe 850 page count might give some people pause (this is not even considering the fact that there are, as of now, 4 successive books in the series each of which is at least the same length), but I have never stormed through a book of such size so quickly or looked forward to my next reading session with such anticipation. G.R.R. Martin is a gifted author, adept at creating fantastic and believable characters while at the same time moving the fascinating plot along with ease and unpredictability....more
p2124
aVGreat book!  I didn't read it til after I'd watched the HBO series and there's so many characters I'm not sure how well I would or wouldn't have followed it if I'd just read the book alone, but I had no problems reading it following the series.  GREAT story.  Believable characters.  I enjoyed the read very much even though I knew what was going to happen (and that's saying a lot).Now I'm not sure whether to go ahead and start on Book 2 and read it BEFORE watching HBO's next season, or not.  I'm dying...more
p2125
aVI have a strong preference for hard science fiction or heterotopias over fantasy, especially historical fantasy, which is what this essentially is. I find the construction of a plausible world more interesting than overlaying eurohistory with swords 'n' sorcery. Martin's dense, slow-moving epic has the virtue that the swords are often broken, their wielders cold and wet, and the sorcery is thus far restrained. To move myself along with a set of characters I didn't find especially sympathetic in...more
p2126
aVI'm in a fight with a friend, who insists - absurdly, I might add- that JRR Tolkien isn't a great sic-fi writer. I won't bother with his insane ramblings, but he suggested that I check out A Game of Fire and Ice as an example of great sci-fi writing. And to be sure, A Game of Thrones is fantastic. Around page 300 of the 575 page version, I couldn't put it down anymore. I found myself cursing Martin at every chapter's scene change. I lost much needed sleep. I was really into the book.But there's...more
p2127
aVAl principio se hace un poco dif\u005cu00edcil de entender con tantas casas y tantos personajes, pero una vez avanzas vas entendiendo como es cada uno. Me ha gustado mucho y voy a seguir con "Choque de reyes".Un Saludo ;)
p2128
aVLet me preface this by saying that this isn't the type of book I normally read. The extent of my fantasy reading has been held to the Hobbitt and Lord of the Rings. That's it. Two friends told me over and over to read this book, and before I even knew HBO was doing a series, I decided to finally give this book a go. From the opening moments of the prologue to the incredible character development throughout the book, I was mesmerized. I found myself questioning if I should really like certain cha...more
p2129
aVThick intrigue, likable characters on all sides, and just a hint of supernatural undercurrents. That's a nice combination for the first fantasy novel I've read since high school. I originally abandoned the genre for two reasons: peer pressure/other developing interests (it's hard to distinguish the two in hindsight) and what I saw as the lack of innovation in the genre. I was never an expert, but I stopped reading a good number of them when I guessed the entire plot after about 25 pages. That be...more
p2130
aVIf I were teaching a class on how to write a bestselling paperback, I'd recommend this novel to my students. These are the basics: each chapter must focus on a scene that is highly dramatic and that somehow causes a reversal on the story, creating further problems for the protagonist(s).  Obstacles get progressively harder until the climax somewhere towards the end of the novel.  Bits of sex here and there.  Bits of cruelty towards the protagonists.  Good looking villains; grotesque villains. Then a...more
p2131
aVWhat a fantastic book!  I had heard many great things about this book series over the past year.  Ever since I heard it was going to be an HBO series, I looked into it.  Everyone seemed to praise it, and I made up my mind to read it before the HBO series started. And finish it I did, a mere 15 minutes before the first episode starts!  It's considered a fantasy book, though I think that might be a bit of a mislabel.  I think I would call it more medieval royal intrigue with a dash of fantasy.  I think...more
p2132
aVFirst few chapters:  The story is unfolding from different character's perspectives. So far, none have overlapped but I expect that to change.  It's a rather medieval world, but there are hints of something not of their world, only mentioned as "The Others".  Update:  A large cast of characters in this enjoyable read.  Plenty of sword fighting, tons of palace intrigue and an amazing number of 12-16 year old's expected to take on the challenges of adult-hood.There are several factions who feel they ar...more
p2133
aVI'm not quite sure why this series gets hated on ("haters gonna hate"!) because it's definitely not deserved.  I expect it's just a reaction to all the hype it's gotten as one of the best-selling series lately, and the fact that other best-selling series just plain suck, so this one must too?Unlike those other large-book fantasy series I could mention, all of the pages in this book feel necessary, filled with compelling characters and tight prose that never bores you (no huge descriptions of land...more
p2134
aVA good fantasy centered on swordplay, knights, and the politics of a monarchy. The magic element is pretty subdued, and doesn't play a prominent role in the story.  Really, it's hard to say what the story is, as this book reads like a looong introduction to a kingdom which faces some challenges for sure, but instead is consumed by political machinations. The list of characters is long, which makes it hard to grow attached to any of them, and the author has chosen to write each chapter from focuse...more
p2135
aVMartin's books are such a guilty pleasure. He's like the fantasy version of trashy romance novels. Actually a better comparison would be to soap operas. The comparisons to Tolkien are of course way off - but what what Martin lacks in depth he makes up in pure entertainment. He really knows how to move a story forward and keep you hooked. Just when you think you have your footing, he knocks you off balance again.This stuff is perfectly suited for serialized TV. Hopefully he'll someday finish thes...more
p2136
aVThis series deals with the story and characters on such a massive scale. It took me a while to get through because at times, I was afraid of what would happen to the characters, and was reluctant to pick it up in case those fears were realised. George R.R. Martin is cruel to his characters at times when he seems to believe it necessary for the plot, which made me pretty sad. I felt that there were so many times the story could have been resolved, but something suddenly went horribly wrong and so...more
p2137
aVThis is the ultimate fantasy series.  Martin's world is full of all those things you want in a great fantasy.  Family feuds, war, death, wolfs, war, incest, betrayal, did I mention war?  Once you can get past the first few chapters where Martin lays out the family lineage for his two main families (it reads a little like that part in the bible...ya know...the begating and all that) it takes off on this intense journey.  Unfortunately, there are many rumors flowing on the net about whether Martin is...more
p2138
aVThis is a fantastic book for any fantasy fans. (I would not recommend it to anyone who can't handle or enjoy hardcore fantasy reads - it will be too much and you will bore yourself to sleep if unable to get past the language and characters to see the plot.)The story is so deeply woven between the houses and characters, across the vivid landscapes, and through centuries of well-thought-out histories that George R. R. Martin has created. With believable and interesting characters, incredible image...more
p2139
aVHere are some of my thoughts while reading this book:Interesting beginning, I\u005cu2019m already hooked. Oh wow, this is really compelling. Man, the descriptions are amazing, I feel like I\u005cu2019m right there in the book. The dialogue is great, I\u005cu2019m falling in love with the characters, this world is really fascinating, and...OMG, what just happened!!!!!!! OMG, no way, I did NOT see that coming. Holy crap! OMG! No! Oh good, they\u005cu2019re going to be...wait, what? OMG!!! He...! She...! They...! Ahhhh! I can\u005cu2019t believe t...more
p2140
aVWhat can I say?  I've joined the THRONES generation.  Simply out of my mind for this great big GORGEOUS series... and the film version is to die for also. (And why aren't there SIX star, off the freakin' charts ratings on GReads??)  I would have never admitted to liking a scifi fantasy story.. and still not sure what prompted me to pick it up. Just so very glad I did and now feeling a slight twinge of guilt for all the negative thoughts I had about other people fiddling with stories involving drago...more
p2141
aVI loved this book, but I DON'T recommend reading it- watch the HBO series instead.  HBO makes smart edits which improves the story.  Unfortunately each book gets worse in terms of desperately needing to edit the storyline- to the point that I'm left feeling like I'm being taken advantaged of- there's no point to a lot of it other than selling as many books as possible.  (And don't even get me started on the weird/frustrating fourth and fifth books that are really only half books each.)  The characte...more
p2142
aVEddard:"The Man who passes the sentence should swing the sword." I wonder what it means that Joffrey did nothing of the sort. Probably just a final indication that Ned is not cut out for the Game of thrones. Rarely do I see "Honor" as a fatal flaw for a tragic hero. Some say it's shocking, but his downfall his foreshadowed strongly, and like the best tragedies, it was inevitable. RIP Lord Stark. You were a kind and caring man, and we saw how far that goes in Westeros. "Promise me Ned...promise m...more
p2143
aVINTENSE! I was captivated by the first two pages which is a sure sign I'm going to love a book. I borrowed this book from a friend on a trip so that I would have a book to read on the flight and I couldn't put it down. I don't read a LOT of fantasy but I'm usually very choosy about what I do read and this series came highly recommend. It blends subtle magic and mythology within a fictional medieval history setting. I thoroughly enjoy how they tell the story though many different characters persp...more
p2144
aVGame of Thrones is a great book that I highly recommend to any reader. When i started reading it i had no idea what i was getting into only that there was a TV show for it on HBO, however as soon as i started reading it i could not put it down.  George R.R. Martin created  a master peace with a setting the likes of which I had never read before. He created a world that I best describe as a combination of The Lord of the Rings and Skyrim. The plot is a rapidly changing story with tons of characters...more
p2145
aVFinished! Hooray!Honestly, I don't think I'll go down in the books as a great George R. R. Martin fan.  I see the appeal.  It's meticulously researched, it's the sort of high fantasy that Tolkien lovers crave, it attempts to bridge the gap between "literary" and "genre" which is such a sore spot to genre readers who have spent their lives being told that they read simplistic fiction that is beneath them.Another reason I read genre fiction, or really any fiction for that matter, is to live in anoth...more
p2146
aVMy feelings about this book are definitely colored by the fact that I watched season 1 of the tv series before I read the book. I have a problem with reading books after seeing the movies or tv shows they are based on; unless the book is written in a style that gives it an added dimension, knowing the plot ahead of time make it very hard to build any momentum or interest in the story. This was the case with Game of Thrones. While it was interesting to get more detail on the characters, the writi...more
p2147
aVGame of Thrones reminded me of all of the fantasy books I enjoyed as a teenager, but with a much richer and complex storyline, characters and mores. It certainly isn't a book for young teens or children, not just because of some content, but because it would be a difficult read for them. But it is a refreshing read as an adult. It combines the wonder and magic of fantasy with the gritty, ugly reality of life--especially medieval life--that most fantasy books choose to ignore. The battle scenes a...more
p2148
aVSo...I was intrigued to read this b/c of all the hype I've heard.  I will say that the book obviously peaked my interest since I finished it.  However, I had a difficult time piecing together any semblance of a plot among all of the subplots in the book.  I never did understand how any of the characters linked to a game of any sort.  There were times the story lines rambled into unnecessary details that added nothing to the book.  I understand that this is a fantasy book, but the violence and sex at...more
p2149
aVI'm hesitating between three and four stars. I started reading the book because my son had read it. I own the e-book edition, all five fat volumes in one bundle (more than 5000 pages) and I'm past halfway, which is telling enough. Despite the fact that I regularly think I would like to start reading something else, I go on reading this book. One of the strong points is that the characters are very human: few bad guys are hundred percent bad, and good guys have their weaknesses. Also, some bad gu...more
p2150
aVI listened to the audio version. I couldn't finish. I actually read the print version about 4 years ago and I liked it about the same back then, but felt I needed to give it a second chance. I just do not get why so many people love this series. There is nothing in this book for me to get excited about. It's just political machinations with nothing else to it. The characters aren't intriguing or compelling nor is the plot. There is no depth or allegory; nothing to sink my teeth into. I mean mayb...more
p2151
aVI've found, talking to Martin fans that this book is of the love it or hate it variety. Truth be told, I read through this book and, although BEAUTIFULLY written (I cannot say enough good things about how he writes) by the end I just felt so worn out and beat down that I had no urge to carry on. I really want to like this book, but I am just not a fan of tragedies and struggle enough to want to read this to relax. :(That being said, after watching the series on HBO, Tyrion is not the asshat that...more
p2152
aVEste fue el libro que me acompa\u005cu00f1o durante las vacaciones fuera del pa\u005cu00eds y la raz\u005cu00f3n por la que me acostaba todos los d\u005cu00edas a altas horas de la madrugada, imposible dejar de leerlo una vez que se comienza. 
p2153
aVI had a lot of trouble getting into this book at first.  It's a fantasy and I found it confusing in the beginning, due to the made up terms, places, and weird names.  But after about 40 pages of this 674 page book, I found myself getting into it.  I still can't decide whether to give it 3 or 4 stars.  I guess it's a 3 and 1/2 for me.  But I'll be reading the next book in this series because, darn it, the first book leaves the reader with a lot of unanswered situations.  I just hope the rest of the boo...more
p2154
aVRating this book required a somewhat unscientific weighting of pros and cons. On the one hand, I devoured this book. Despite working long days in my summer program, I managed to finish it in less than a week (and admittedly, I did sneak in a few chapters when I was supposed to be researching). This story wrapped me up and I simply needed to know what happened as soon as possible. Thus, a very weighty pro for  A Game of Thrones  is its captivating narrative. The plotting and characters are comple...more
p2155
aVWritten in 1996, Martin created the world of Westros, filled with memorable characters and scenes that transcend the modern fantasy genre. A Game of Thrones is the first in his series of 7 books (the fifth book: A Dance with Dragons was just recently published). This volume is very extensive (with 800 pages, depending on which version you get), and very detail-oriented. Personally, I love the extra detail because it just makes the scenes jump off the page and literally \u005cu201ccome to life.\u005cu201d Recently,...more
p2156
aVI fought against reading these lil gems. (or maybe I shouldn't say lil... each book is 700pgs minimum) Back when I used to work at Barnes and Noble I can recall dozens upon dozens of nerds coming up to me, shyly asking... any news on the newest George R.R.? "NOPE." And, I will admit it bothered me a little that these were such popular books, and I... knew nothing about them.AND FINALLY. The HBO show came out, I fought against watching that too. If I was ever gonna watch it, I was gonna read the...more
p2157
aVThis book... I have a lot of thoughts on it. I was overall disappointed given the hype, though I guess the hype is more for the HBO series I haven't seen. I'm not jumping out of my skin to read the next book in this series. Overall I felt the book was not well-balanced. It moves slowly and doesn't create the right sense of anticipation despite its cliffhangers. The characters are excellent and the plot is intricate, but really the plot is so intricate that the characters don't get their chance t...more
p2158
aVI had a really hard time getting into this book and there were points where I had to force myself to pick it back up. Initially, I was overwhelmed by the number of characters I had to keep straight, but eventually I figured out who was who. Every chapter follows/focuses on a different character and I felt that this made the story choppy, especially when we hadn\u005cu2019t heard from a specific character in a long time. I also felt that the story had a slow start, and that the author spent so much time de...more
p2159
aVThis is a great read!  Book number one of a (so far) five volume set under the title "Song of Ice and Fire".  Sort of a J. R. Tolkien for adults, but with more emphasis on humans and their (mostly violent) interactions.  A tale (actually many interwoven tales) of swords and sorcery, of war and intrigue, of courage and cruelty.  Not a book for the squeamish and don't get too fond of any particular character, since he (or she) may perhaps come to a cruel end.  Each book is close to 1000 pages, and I ha...more
p2160
aVI got interested in reading this whenI saw ads for the series on HBO and Sean Bean was in it (he's a favorite of mine).  So I got the book with Sean on the cover, and was immediatly drawn into this world. The author does an amazing job of weilding what turns out to be three major plotlines, told by several characters (each chapter is from a different POV), some we like, and some we really don't like.  One in particular I really liked at first, but then wasn't too sure as the story went along.  I ca...more
p2161
aVAfter reading the prologue and part of the first chapter, I was ready to discard this book. I didn't think it was something I would enjoy reading. I kept reading and now, I think I will have to finish this series. There is so much treachery in this book. Poor Ned, such a trusting soul! He tries to live honorably but it seems no matter what his choice is it turns out to be the wrong choice. Everyone stabs him in the back. I know Sasha is a child, but I was not disappointed to see her have to live...more
p2162
aVWow! Talk about a book that doesn't leave any loose ends tied up at all. I know there are several more books in the series and I'm eager to read them - however, with each book weighing in at about 800 pages apiece, I need a little break before I crack open another epic fantasy novel from Martin.I found the characters lively, the plot fast, and the twists and turns surprising.  I haven't seen the HBO series but I can easily see how this novel could be brought to life - the characters felt so real...more
p2163
aVThis is what kept me from reading The Man in the High Castle! And this almost 700 page monster is only the first installment! It is attempting to be Tolkienesque, but overall not succeeding too much, as the writing is pretty bad and most of the characters are sleezy or just plain dumb. I did like some parts better than others: what is behind the Wall was intriguing, and Jon was the most likable and principled character. I also liked Arya, Tyrion the dwarf, and the transformation of Dany was inte...more
p2164
aVSecond reading reminds me why I didn't continue with the series.  650 pages and nothing is resolved.  Either the reader is so intrigued that s/he is willing to read another 650 pages to see if Martin ever gets anywhere, or the reader (me) throws her hands in the air and says 'if he can't get *some*thing done in 650, what hope for the next book (and the next and the next . . .). He does manage to hand off rule to the next generation, but the war hasn't gotten beyond a couple battles, another war lo...more
p2165
aVI started reading this because of HBO's adaption. Having read the work of Jacqueline Carey, GRRM was always suggested to me as something similar and yet I had never picked up his books. I've heard him called the American Tolkien, but that still didn't convince me to start reading this series. The only thing I had  ever heard about the books were, "They stay with you a long time after you have finished them." After reading it straight through to the third book, I have to concur. GRRM has a unique...more
p2166
aVI love it when I can be totally swept away by a book, just occasionally look up and go "Oh, 200 pages went by? I didn't even notice! Good that I still have several hundred left, and then some sequels." I have this experience too rarely, but A Game of Thrones did the trick.It's 800 pages long, but it doesn't feel like it, the story is so gripping and the writing flows so easily. We alternate between many point-of-view characters, but it never feels like too many, and they're all fascinating. I th...more
p2167
aVI loved it! What more can I say? I loooved the way George Martin wrote! It was very unique, different and he uses details without boring you to death. I have to admit that I wasn't sure about reading it at first because i'm not accustomed to reading Adult Fantasy; nor am I accustomed to reading books so thick! There's about 700 pages the version I read and I thought for sure that i'd get bored with it but Martin's writing style is so captivating that you can't stop reading! Aside from his writin...more
p2168
aVA Game of Thrones is the first book in a seven part fantasy series A Song of Fire and Ice. The book is written from the point of view of eight pivotal characters, six of which are members of the Stark family who are eventually separated throughout the massive fictional land of Westeros. Another pivotal character isTyrion Lannister, who is the enemy of the Stark house, and the last is Daenerys Targaryen, who ruled with the nickname 'the mad king.'  The book encompasses love and heartbreak, honor a...more
p2169
aVWe already know that this is a dangerously addictive book. I vowed not to read the next in the series until at least Thanksgiving, but I soon found myself in Barnes & Noble fondling a paperback copy of A Clash of Kings. This is the Middle Ages the way you wish it had been -- with the same naked lust for power and Manichean worldview, but without the overbearing religiosity and with more actual extra-realistic events -- instead of just the burning alive of people who were suspected of causing...more
p2170
aVFor a self-confessed Tolkein skeptic I thought I might be in for a bit of an ordeal here. However, I read the review of the TV show in the Daily Telegraph and that particular review raved about the book so much I thought I'd give it a whirl, particularly after I'd just finished Dune and wanted something similarly epic.Well I'm glad I did. And as I said as a swords and sorcery skeptic that is saying something. The extent of my previous experience in dealing with medieval esque fayre is Terry Prat...more
p2171
aVI've never heard of this book before I heard of the HBO series. I saw part of the show and it looked interesting so I snatched it up. Let me be clear, I saw the show for maybe 5 minutes so I had no preconceived notions on how each character should look or act. That much was all left up to the author. The characters definitely need more description. I'm currently on the 3rd book and still don't have a clear image of each one.in my head when I read about them. Their personalities I understand, but...more
p2172
aVIt should be said from the start that "A Game of Thrones" is a very dark novel. It is about war, and sex, and political intrigue, and through it follows a handful of interesting characters throughout, not a one of them is safe from the flames of schemes and betrayal. The text follows the House of Stark, for the most part, as the head of the family (Eddard) is asked to play the part of the Hand of the King for his friend Robert. Five-handred pages of mystery-solving follow, and another two-hundre...more
p2173
aVWINTER IS COMING!!!!!!Cavolo quanto mi \u005cu00e8 piaciuto!!!! Questa \u005cu00e8 stata proprio una bella lettura: i personaggi sono come diventati i miei compagni e alcuni di loro hanno suscitato delle vere, VERE, emozioni in me. Ad esempio: come si fa a non odiare Sansa? A non vedersela davanti e darle un bello schiaffone sonoro e dirle "cresci ragazza mia, Arya \u005cu00e8 pi\u005cu00f9 sveglia di te!"; e la dolcissima Arya con il suo Ago? e l'altra pazza di Lyssa? Lord Robert Arryn, mocciosetto a cui tutto \u005cu00e8 dovuto? Lord Eddard c...more
p2174
aVAll the cool kids have already read the book.  I am tardy to this party for sure.  I'd say my rating is a solid 3.5 stars.  Damn you goodreads for not allowing half stars.  This is a solid piece of fantasy fiction.  It is sweeping and engrossing and full of the good stuff fantasy is known for.  Don't get too attached to anyone!  I have to say that I enjoyed The Lies of Locke Lamora more than A Game of Thrones, but I also have to say that AGOT is a modern fantasy classic for a reason.  Also, I have to sa...more
p2175
aVGeorge R. R. Martin does everything really well, much to the reader's chagrin.  Every sentence has some sort of meaning to it, and provides a greater understanding of the overall story - rendering nearly everything unskippable.  The problem lies in the fact that he simply gives us too much information.  This book is dense, and there were times I felt like paragraphs could have been easily condensed into one potent sentence.  I found myself hoping for long bits of dialogue, since the dialogue was cri...more
p2176
aVSo this was actually really good... but only if you're into drama. I think that's what makes it relatable: even though it's set in a fantasy setting, the story is driven by the characters and their conflicts, and Martin does not rely so much on the setting to move the plot (which is often the mistake of many fantasy authors). It was easy to get into his world and become absorbed in the conflicts between the various houses (and sometimes within the houses themselves).That being said, I had issue...more
p2177
aVI started this book more than once before I finally finished it. I'd get about fifty pages in, a really awful thing would happen, and then I'd put it down and never quite pick it back up. Too dark, I always said, and too dense.I finished it this time, and I have to say that everyone who kept telling me to plow on through the first half was completely right. I still think it's (a little too) dark, and it's very dense, but not unpleasantly dense. It's rich, and unpredictable, and in the end, a rea...more
p2178
aVI've been recommended this one by loads of people and until recently never really got around to reading it.  Once I started it was a slow process (took me 6 months to finish, reaading it on and off), but a rewarding one.  The characters are top-notch, really well developed and the story is very compelling.  That being said, the tone of the book is very dark, something I didn't realize until I was into the final chapters and cursing Martin's name for some of the decisions he made.  I also would have...more
p2179
aVReaders are immediately immersed into the happenings of the Seven Kingdoms and beyond. At first it might be hard to keep all the characters straight, but stick with it and you will be well rewarded early on. 
p2180
aVThe opening book of the Song of Ice and Fire series. Drawing inspiration from the War of the Roses, GRRM gives us a rich world full of political intrigue - so much so that it's easy to lose focus on the fantastic elements of the world. There are no elves and orcs, only men, and they are good and bad and all interested in their own profit and survival (for the most part). It's quickly apparent reading this book that there's something that sets it apart from most fantasy and that is a good thing....more
p2181
aVA great, roaring epic of a book; exciting, scary, touching, noble and sad.  How is it that I've never read anything by this author before?  I have to thank Laura for recommending it.  The sad thing is that now I'm hooked and I will have to read them all.The story takes place in a fantasy land that suffers winters that last for years and enjoys summers that last for years.  At the time of this book, people fear winter is coming back.  There is a great wall along the northern border, 70 feet high, that...more
p2182
aVThis author writes in a style what can only be described as Mc Donald's. It is cheap, accessible and easily devoured in overly-large portions.While the characters and story are engaging, I feel that the reading level was far too low. The text was so simple that it was boring! The reading level lacked the wonder and imagery that a Harry Potter book has, but this author is not trying to cater to kids. (In fact, the books are quite graphic from a sex/ violence perspective. The one thing this author...more
p2183
aVThis novel had a slow beginning, but I eventually became addicted to it as someone would become addicted to a bad soap opera. Like the different points of view. Already got the sequel, Clash of Kings.
p2184
aVDecided to drop this book after 375 pages. I find the story unimaginative and boring. Nothing new in it from other fantasy novels, and to think that this is the first of an unending series makes it even worse.
p2185
aVGeorge R.R. Martin's "A Game of Thrones" is a ripping yarn that I couldn't put down. I decided to read it after recently watching the first episode of the HBO series. I really enjoyed how the book tells a history of an unfamiliar land, and the way that Martin slowly reveals the details of that history throughout the book, making the picture of the full atrocities which lead to the current state of affairs clearer and clearer. At times I felt as if I was playing the part of an anthropologist, try...more
p2186
aVI don't know what was it that restricted me from enjoying Game of Thrones. Maybe it's because I've watched the series before I ever read a line of the book. Maybe it was because I read a portuguese translation (that I abandoned in the middle) before I've read the english, original one. Maybe it was because I have only really read and loved two fantasy novels in my life (LoTR trilogy and "Jonathan Strange and Mr Norrel"). Maybe it was even the fact that I bougth the first five books in an amazon...more
p2187
aVThis book series was amazing! The size of the books can turn people off but it is totally worth the read. I read the first four books right in a row and enjoyed every second. The characters are so well-developed and you really feel for many of them throughout the books (and you really hate others, ~*cough*joffrey*cough*~) I have yet to dive into the fifth book in the series as I did find myself needing a break from the lengthy descriptions Martin provides, especially battle descriptions, but it...more
p2188
aVElaboration to follow, but in essence:Likeable but not loveable yet.Pretty sure Martin has total disregard for planning a storyline - why plan more than 1 long term thread when you can just keep writing and see what happens?!Addictive reading, but more out of general curiosity than ardent enjoyment.Impressive that Martin creates so many characters that you can tell apart from characteristics! Less impressive names to go with them, sometimes it's not until someone is described that I can remember...more
p2189
aVI was interested in reading this book when I heard they were making it into a tv series, but being intimidated by the size the book I decided to start watching the show to see if I liked it.  I LOVED IT. But I was still thinking that an 800-page fantasy novel was going to take more time to read than I wanted.  FINALLY I got ahead on my book club reading and picked it up, and...IT WAS AWESOME.  The tv series follows very closely to the storyline, but the book (as always) offers more insight into the...more
p2190
aVOtra vez lo voy a tener que decir: cuando leo que un libro que me parece SOBERBIO lo ratean con una o dos estrellas, entro en violencia.Este es un libro del recontra carajo.  En castellano moderno: hay un antes y un despu\u005cu00e9s de leer este libro, y si... es el primero de una larga saga de libracos, hay que tener est\u005cu00f3mago y paciencia para tragarse horas y horas de letras que te van a involucrar en bandos, te van a hacer llorar, desear la muerte de muchos, celebrar victorias y planear venganzas.  Como...more
p2191
aVGreat - the depth and color of this story, its world, and its cast of characters are brilliant. Some of the cultures are echoes of ones that existed in ancient and medieval eras in this world, but with twists that set them apart from simple imitation. As a reader of fantasy for decades now, I'd say thate it's not as original and ground-breaking as Tolkien, but neither has been just about anything else; and in character development Martin surpasses Tolkien, many of whose main characters were fair...more
p2192
aVI loved The Hobbit and the Lord of the Rings as a young adult.  This book was a gift to me last Christmas from my younger daughter.  She and her husband are enjoying the HBO series as well.  I will not be watching, nor will I read any more books in this series for the following reason.  Too much graphic violence.  Yes, Lord of the Rings was about war, but what stood out was the love, the honor, and the loyalty of the characters to one another as the battled evil.  I found that by the end of 800+ pages...more
p2193
aVIt's rare that I can read a book this long and not skim over any of it. The astounding thing is, this is book one and eight hundred pages. And each book that follows is about the same length. I fully expect that later books won't be as good, but I expect I have a lot to look forward to as well. A Game of Thrones is the kind of book that can take you to the highest highs and the lowest lows. Where there is bravery, there is also deceit and duplicity; where there is the beautiful, there is also th...more
p2194
aVJumped on the bandwagon here.  This book delivered as promised and became completely absorbing.  Martin's strength is not in his fantasy, but in the drama and plot twists.  Don't expect much of the lore to go beyond name dropping, and characters tend to fit into typical archetypes (i.e. the noble lord, the deceptive lord, the dutiful wife, the cunning power hungry wife, etc.).  The Daenerys chapters are fueled by western stereotypes of native cultures and unnecessary sexual details that hint at Mart...more
p2195
aVHaving always loved the fantasy world of Tolkien, I thought I'd take a punt and give this a go.  I'm very glad I did; by the end of the first page I was drawn in to the world being described, and I found the characters convincing in their flawed humanity.  I was completely taken aback by the fact that here, the 'good guys' do not always survive...The scope of these novels is vast - so many people in so many places, it took me a while to get my head around them.  But having done so, I've gone on to...more
p2196
aVI loved this book when I first read it, over a decade ago, and I still do. It's rich quasi-historical setting is incredibly convincing and immersive, and not in a way that requires a great leap of faith to buy into. Martin's decision to play with magic and mysticism as though this is a horror book, and these concepts are both alien and terrifying to the characters when they do manifest, further helps to slowly sell those parts of his story to even the most sceptical readers. The real sell comes...more
p2197
aV"When you play the game of thrones, you win or you die."This first book in the series, A Song of Ice and Fire, was an intriguing mix of drama, horror, love, sorrow, and fantasy that frankly, I enjoyed more than I probably should.With points of view from a mass of rotating main characters, the story never becomes boring and only grows in intensity with every passing chapter. I found myself thinking as if I was in the story, deciding where I would be, how I would behave, and whether or not I could...more
p2198
aVWow. Completely underwhelmed. For something that I was counting on being my next big fantasy series, I was pretty disappointed. I'll read the next, and that will probably make me feel like I have to finish the series, since I'll be two books invested, but I'm not itching to get the next book. It took me foreverrrrrrrrr to read this. It was just lacking something crucial. I don't know if the story and characters could have been made more interesting, or intriguing. They were just hardly likeable....more
p2199
aVThis is good.  Epic.  It's detailed and full of different characters and I should have given it more stars. So why didn't I?The descriptions, while wonderfully detailed when it came to places and such, became irritating the hundredth time I heard about Tyrion's height or the way he walked, or read him described as an Imp, or the hundredth time I read about Dany's breasts or appearance.  Yes, set the scene, describe a character when you first introduce them, but believe that after that the reader is...more
p2200
aVI picked up the book series because the suspense of waiting from Sunday to Sunday to find out what happens next in the HBO series (never mind the season breaks--that's just awful) is starting to drive me crazy.I have a great appreciation for how short the chapters are. It makes it easier to slog through the 800+ pages. The writing is easy to consume. The characters I think I like more for the fact that I'm already familiar with them due to the show, and in many ways I like the show's handling of...more
p2201
aVFinally reading this one after being completely drawn into the series. Watched the first few episodes of season 2 and immediately went out and bought the season 1 blu-rays, devouring them way too quickly.I'm only about 1/3 of the way through the first book and the biggest revelations so far are how very faithful the series is to the text, and how much younger all of the children are in the book than in the show. Jon Snow is fourteen when he joins the Night's Watch? What? Robb is the same age, an...more
p2202
aVTruly loved it! Having watched the TV series prior, I did know what to expect, but still enjoyed the ride, and certainly felt that, despite the rigid similarities in plot between season one and book one, I could still enjoy the book, with the differences in perspective and exposition of backstory being what I enjoyed the most. I personally enjoyed the perspective changes, and I am continually astounded by the rich history behind Westeros, love the nods to English history too. The main characters...more
p2203
aVWow, wow, wow. I absolutely could not put this book down! This fantasy adventure left me chewing my nails in anticipation the entire way through (and that's a long story to be kept in suspense for!). The characters were compelling and real - they are not all good, nor all bad, but shades of the two. The great thing about this is that I had absolutely no idea how each character was going to react. Would they act honourably, or be a bastard? Because you cannot tell from past form, much like you ca...more
p2204
aVA Game of Thrones is the first in the epic series "A SONG OF ICE AND FIRE" by George R.R. Martin.  Frankly, I saw the first season of Game of Thrones first, and then decided to throw myself into the books.  This book covers the whole first season -- and the show is freakishly faithful to the storyline of the book.    Set in and around the island kingdom(s) of Westeros, it revolves through the lives of several high-born characters from one of five families, in their personal journeys, that weave toget...more
p2205
aVThis book is an excellent fantasy novel overal, as it realistically portrays the motivations of the individual characters, and makes the reader empathize with them while still disliking the characters from their actions/goals. I like that though this is a fantasy novel, "magic" or super human abilities do not play a significant role in the development of the plot. Individuals live and die due to their beliefs, choices, and the resulting consequences of their actions. That said, this is a very da...more
p2206
aVI don't love fantasy, at least not fantasy for grown-ups. I mostly get bored to death with all the battles and melodrama, and I have no desire to learn to speak Elvish or whatever, but this book was different. Melodramatic to be sure, but I really liked the characters. (Also, this first volume at least, is light on the battle scenes. A definite plus in my book.) It wasn't high literature, but I was genuinely invested in what would happen next, and I'm definitely going to read the rest of the ser...more
p2207
aVThis book was so beautifully written.  I'd given up on epic fantasy a few years ago, but this book brought me back to loving it.That being said, I'm not sure whether or not I'll read the rest of the series any time soon. Why?  Well A), lots of terrible things happen to characters I like, and I know that this is a continuous theme throughout the books (so they're more than a bit depressing); B), there are so many points of view I tend to lose track of what characters are up to (it's worse than Tolk...more
p2208
aVfirst I should say, I think this is a good book -- it's a compelling read, and I totally get why half the world is enthralled with it.  and if Goodreads had existed back when I first read it (not quite a decade ago), I probably would have given it an extra star or maybe even two.But right now, i'm just so happy to be done with this book.  because it takes so much effort -- at the start of every chapter I was bracing myself for what horrible thing would happen to *this* set of characters.  It was ju...more
p2209
aVOK the \u005cu201cA Song of Ice and Fire\u005cu201d series utterly rocks! So why no 5 stars across all the books you may ask; I\u005cu2019ll tell you it just gets to be too much after about 5,000 pages and counting. Don\u005cu2019t get me wrong they still rock see. Their realistic, gritty, full of WHOLE diverse characters \u005cu2013 DOZENS of them! That you love AND love to hate! BUT after a while you can\u005cu2019t help but wonder geesh do we really need another genealogy? Is it really so important to have all the background on-what\u005cu2019s-his-names great-...more
p2210
aVThis is the type of book that makes everything you read after it, seem\u005cu2026 a bit dull. There are a lot of characters, most of them main (not background), well crafted characters, and many that you either love or love to hate. The narrative style is compelling, engrossing, aggressive and realistic. Rather than the classic, simple "dark and evil power-hungry overlord", the driving force of the plot is human need and human greed, and though there are some supernatural entities causing their fair share...more
p2211
aVThis is a book I never would have read had my cousin and his wife not given it to me for Christmas over 2 years ago.  Since I am loathe to give away a book without reading it first (even if it doesn't appeal to me), it was still on my shelf when I finished my last book and couldn't get to the library for a couple of days to get a new one.  So, I grabbed A Game of Thrones off the shelf.  (Which was even more remarkable because of the fact that my husband and I had already watched the first episode o...more
p2212
aVI enjoyed it! I did find it was easy to put down for a day or two -- mainly because Martin flips points of view with each new chapter, so even if you're on a cliff-hanger, you know the next several pages won't tell you a thing. But he's definitely drawn a fully fleshed-out world and set loose a good gaggle of characters to spread chaos and mayhem throughout. The multi-point of view has its pluses and minuses.  On the minus side, some characters are better realized than others and because there ar...more
p2213
aVI wasn't sure I was going to like this book. I'd heard good reviews for both the book and the t.v. series, and I've always been a little intrigued by huge, expansive story lines. Well, this one is definitely huge and expansive. It took a while to get into it because there are so many characters and you are thrown into this fantasy world with no explanation of what it is or where it came from. But I found myself being drawn in, and before I knew it I was a couple of hundred pages in. It is very l...more
p2214
aVThis is the second time I have read A Game of Thrones and its difficult, if not impossible, to deny Martin's skill as a writer.  Of all the sub-genres of fantasy epic is by far my favorite and this book is an excellent example of it.  By all rights this would have gotten five stars but I do not like the grittiness, one of the few things I dislike about the book.I would say my favorite characters are Jon, Arya, Daenerys, and Tyrion.  I am very happy with what happened to Viserys.  By far his sister h...more
p2215
aV4.5 starsBesides the rough beginning I had with this book, I really liked it, mainly cause it was far different from what I was expecting, in a good way. I think that what really makes this book special are the characters, or at least for me, cause  they are really easy to like and to identify with. I think one of my favorites is Arya cause she is so clever and has the head well settled between her shoulders (no pun intended); and  obvuously Daenerys.The story is not that new, I mean it does have...more
p2216
aVI would actually give this book about 4 1/4 stars.  It read at a feverish pace, as Martin takes you along for the ride at breakneck speed.  Court intrigue, pitched battles and family honor dominate this tale in a mythical world that feels like what we dream medieval England would have been like in an alternate universe.What I enjoyed was the changing perspectives, as the book follows the thoughts and lives of a few characters and through them we get a lens into the overall action.  The plot moves a...more
p2217
aVWill review this in detail later. But I did want to say that I picked up this book for the first time by chance when I was sick and browsing for something to read at my university's second-hand bookstore. I had never heard of the series before but it looked interesting so I thought I would give it a try.And boy am I glad I did. This book was the first fantasy book that I read and felt like I was reading about the history of our world and felt as if I were living that history at the same time.Mar...more
p2218
aVI realised that the phrase \u005cu201cdon't get too attached to the characters\u005cu201d that I heard so many people say about the book, was going to stay on my mind for awhile after I finished the reading the book. I have never read a book that is so unusual in the structure, often with other books you can tell the directions of the storey or at least get a hint of were its going. But with \u005cu201cA Game of Thrones\u005cu201d its alot of cold showers on the way to the end, you can never forecast whats going to be on the next page...more
p2219
aVA book which has received universal critical and reader acclaim and whose author has been compared to Tolkien... Honestly, I will give you a simple means to decide whether you should start this series at all. I am two books into it and so I believe I am qualified to do this.Answer these questions to yourself:1)Would I like to read about a grim, dark world where almost nothing good ever happens?2)Would I like to read about incest, about rapes and assorted bodily functions?3)Would I like to invest...more
p2220
aVI used to claim that I wasn't into books like this--books that were epic fantasies. I snobbishly thought that they ignored character development and language in favor of plot and action. I happily admit I was wrong. I love books like this. There, I said it. Yes, it's very much action driven--setting up the entanglements leading up to war and struggles for the throne, while also dealing with the supernatural elements beyond the Wall. But I also cared about each of the characters, the dialog was o...more
p2221
aVBen Stark es nombrado mano del rey y abandona Invernalia con sus hijas para ejercer en desembarco del rey y esclarecer el asesinato de Jon Arryn,descubriendo el incesto de la reina Cersei con su hermano el matarreyes Jaime Lannister(mismo que costo la movilidad de sus piernas a su hijo Bran),conocimiento que le cuesta la vida.Arya logra escapar y Sansa queda presa en el castillo prometida al ahora rey(despues del asesinato del rey Robert por el vino envenenado de su escudero Lancel Lannister).Jo...more
p2222
aVLong and drawn out.  Characters were interesting but story never really invoked a sense of apathy for me ... I really didn't care much about any of the character's successes or failures ... partially because many main characters were killed off just as I was starting to "get to know them" and partially because I just couldn't relate to the ones left alive.  The primary story line was mostly political which is a "good if you like it , bad if ya don't" kind of thing ... which for me was pretty medio...more
p2223
aVThis is one of the best books I've read this year!! The characters and world building is  phenomenal. I'm usually not on board with multiple POVs, but Goerge Martin pulled it off beautifully. It's amazing how much you find out through different characters POV and all that is going on in the back ground.This is not a make you feel good book with puppies and kitten, unless the puppies and kittens and are getting mutilated and killed. This novel is raw and shows no mercy! The writing is great.....I...more
p2224
aVI've only red the book after watching the tv series but the characters really are phenomenal and you get even more from them. You have access to inner thoughts and other nuances about each one that are simply not possible in a series. I also like the organization in chapters per characters. There isn't really a character I want to skip or read faster than the other (although Catelyn sometimes is annoying) but, off course, there are characters I really appreciate for what they are and how they be...more
p2225
aVI got obsessed with the HBO miniseries, so I decided to actually read the book, even though it is not my usual genre. The thing is - the series really followed the book well. So the whole time I was reading, I knew what was going to happen. Which took some of the fun out of it. Now I have to decide if I'm going to try and read the whole series, or just wait for HBO to adapt them too. I'm leaning toward waiting, because the books went into more detail than I really need about the battles, clans,...more
p2226
aVFor the first half of this book, I was tempted to stop reading and give it one star.  It was that boring.  Not much happens, and when something does, it's hard to care.  Maybe it's because there are so many characters, but I didn't have any affection or attachment to any of them.  I think that Martin has imagined himself a fantastic world, but is merely a good storyteller and a mediocre writer.  A little past the halfway point, things got interesting enough to motivate me to finish the book.  There's...more
p2227
aVI really enjoyed this book and can\u005cu2019t wait to start the next one. The only thing is that this book took up way too much of my time. I don\u005cu2019t know if I have all of a sudden become a slow reader, but if any book takes over 15 days to read, there must be a problem. Almost a month it took me! Unbelievable! I am ashamed with myself. There were many characters but they were easily distinguishable. I loved every moment of reading. Daenerys was my favourite. Loved the knights, the war, the blood and the l...more
p2228
aVI LOVED this book!Pros:lots of variety in characterseasy flow of writing, very descriptive but doesn't dwell like in Lord of the Ringsviewpoints from various characters of all ages actionhumourromancepolitics that are actually interestingbabesCons:A couple cliffhangers, but that's probably what the other books in the series are forSome big events seemed to happen, and then were "forgotten" about for awhile.Stereotype of hypersexualization and animalism among people of colour (doesn't help dismis...more
p2229
aVThis book is just fantastic it is pretty much like Lord of the Rings and Dune meshed into 1 with some of the most evil conniving characters I have ever read. The story is set up to PoVs of different characters of opposing factions and family. I do not really wish to spoil as it is an absolute joy to read and watch. If you don't fancy reading watch the HBO series because it is honestly one of the best adaptations I have watched in ages it is so well put together and just go into book two. The cha...more
p2230
aVBest fantasy book I've read in a very long time. It was recommended to me quite awhile ago by quite a few people. I'm not sure why it took me so long to get around to it.  Better late than never! 
p2231
aVI am thorn about what to do with this series. Should I wait until next year to watch the new season first, or should I read the second book? It's such an involving universe, it's hard to choose! I felt really involved with the book, even though I had seen the series already and had a good idea of what would happen I get gasping and feeling sad and being excited about every new development. The world the story is set in is really interesting and detailed, and the myths and legends only left me wa...more
p2232
aVLike many people, I recently came across the Sci-fi/fantasy novel Game of Thrones by George R.R. Martin through the HBO show of the same name. I saw the first episode and I was hooked on the show. 2 or 3 epsidoes in and I just knew I had to read the books as well. By the season finale, it was a foregone conclusion that I'd be dropping some serious cash on all 4 of the books in the series. Luckly for me there was a sale at my local bookstore so I was able to buy 3 get 1 free, but still. At 10 buc...more
p2233
aVThis was a good book, but my 2 complaints are:1. A lack of fantasy.  There is so little of it that I did not see the point of putting in any at all.  The politics of the book carries it well enough.  2. I wanted to see some better descriptions of Jaime Lannister fighting. We really don't get to see how good he is supposed to be.  SPOILER ALERT!!!You could have easily replaced the 3 dragons with twin humans and the zombies with Norsemen.  The ghosts at the beginning (who seem to take up about 4 pages...more
p2234
aVI love love love this book. Can't say how much, since it would explode to more than 10 pages of amazingly awesome this series as a whole is. I'm on book 3, but I felt like I should just review the first one, since I kind did a ADD moment and spaced out through parts of A Clash of Kings. I'm bad about doing that.First of the world building is just WOW HOLY COW!!! See I've been reading a lot of crappy books lately, and this was just like Heaven on paper. The world is so realistic, and believable,...more
p2235
aVHow to a review a book of the magnitude of A Game of Thrones?  Let's give this a try:The characters, as a group, get one star.  Other reviewers have found them to be somewhat one-dimensional, and they are.  Ned is Honorable.  Catelyn is Strong.  Jon is a Bastard.  Tyrion is a caricature of a dwarf.  Despite this, I liked them all.  I liked the supporting cast, as well, both good guys and bad guys.  We can build on these characters (well, most of them) as the series continues; I am anxious to see what hap...more
p2236
aVI really enjoyed this. I liked the shifting perspectives, the short, gripping chapters and the plot. I loved the world. I liked the clever use of dialogue and the descriptions. I don't think I found anything that I didn't like about the book.Sure, if you compare it to other works of fantasy like that of Robert Jordan or JRR Tolkien, you'll find something to whine about, some way in which a fantasy that is based on medieval history (which a lot of other fantasy uses too) is surprisingly similar t...more
p2237
aVLOVED IT! LOVED IT! LOVED IT! This was a great first book in what appears to be a great series. I was reluctant to read it what with a show being adapted from it on HBO and my reluctancy stemming from the horrid changes done for the making of True Blood. But such was not the case with Game of Thrones. The book and series are almost identical, minor things such as ages of children, were modified but otherwise I was surprised at how well the show followed the book. I was hesitant to finish the boo...more
p2238
aVThis is definitely one of my favorite books to date. I usually don't like political dramas and I'm not one who usually reads long epic fantasy books, but George R. R. Martin's world is engaging and addictive.  Although it took me a little while to really start to enjoy the characters, I eventually loved them all in some way. Eventually I even loved Sansa, and at one point I'd wished she was real so I could write her hate mail. :) The only gripe I have is the sometimes gruesome depictions of male...more
p2239
aVFor such a long book, I thought the pacing was really fast. I loved seeing the story unfold through the eyes of many characters...I couldn't wait to get back to certain characters more than others. While I couldn't wait to get back to Eddard, Catelyn, Jon, Tyrion  and Arya (suuuch a long wait to get back to her toward the end!)...I couldn't finish Sansa's POVs soon enough. There were others' POVs I would have liked to read...like Cersei especially. but perhaps that's for other novels?I admit that...more
p2240
aVWhat a refreshing surprise!I bought this book for my husband who needed something to read. He is devouring the series. He suggested I might like the books. I was dubious, as I thought it would be mostly what I call a "dude book". Dude books involve a lot of hot chicks, fighting and castles/cars/spaceships. It doesn't mean women don't read them, *I* simply choose other things.Wow. I was wrong!I am not a military/intrigue person, but this book might be a kiss too cinematic to be categorized there....more
p2241
aVI loved every minute of this book. I'm not a huge fan of Fantasy fiction, but I like it when it's really really good and this book has all the pageantry and epic scale and both heroic and dastardly characters one could ask for, plus plenty of page-turning intrigue and completely unexpected character development. Now I have a terrible dilemma -- with one Millennium book to go, do I linger with Arya and Daenerys or do I return to the adventures of Kalle Blomqvist? Both worlds are equally well-rend...more
p2242
aVMy boss recomended this to me. It's well writen but a little slow and jumps between charictors a lot. There are lots of charictors and I found myslef having to stop reading go back and figure out who I was reading about. Also not many of them are likable. I would have given it more stars but the author killed off the few charictors that I did like and I felt really cheated when none of the story lines resolved in this book. This is the begining of a VERY long bunch of books, and they don't get a...more
p2243
aVJust as good as I remembered, and I was surprised by how faithful to the book the HBO series is. This isn't a perfect book. It's longer than it really needs to be, it's repetitive at times, and some points of view could be left out, making the story tighter and keeping the plot moving--some of the POVs really slow down the narrative, which is annoying when you've just come off a really gripping chapter.However, GRRM is a master at creating deep, complex characters. Even though there are many in...more
p2244
aV    A Game of Thrones by George R.R. Martin is medieval fantasy novel that takes place in a fictional world during a time period similar to the Middle Ages. The majority of the book follows the Starks, one of the royal families that rule over the Northern portion the Seven Kingdoms under the King. Through discoveries of scandal and the deaths of a few important men, war soon comes to the Kingdoms. The fighting breaks out mainly between the Starks and the Lannisters, another royal family, although a...more
p2245
aVI am addicted to these books! I love every moment of them. Its the perfect mix of action, adventure, politics and intrigue. Toss in some incest, tumultuous romance and a lot of sword play and you have an amazing book!Martin does an amazing job of creating a fantastical medieval style world with its own life and mythology to it. It also shows some parallels to our own Dark Ages and medieval world. There are a lot of plot lines to keep up with so it can be slightly difficult to follow along with s...more
p2246
aVThis book reads much like a mini series would play out on T.V. Probably one of the main reasons it's now on HBO. I haven't seen the series on HBO, nor will I probably ever, so I don't have the chance to compare the two, but in most circumstances, the book is always better.About the book, I liked it, each character had a lot of depth and you could easily immense yourself into the world created. You end up hating and loving the characters in their own turn of stupidity or valor. Each chapter ended...more
p2247
aVNihayet bitti!!BEn bu kitaptan \u005cu00e7ok ders \u005cu00e7\u005cu0131kard\u005cu0131m. \u005cu00d6ncelikle "Fakirin Gururu olmaz" ve " Kafan\u005cu0131 kaz\u005cu0131\u005cu011fa ge\u005cu00e7irmi\u005cu015flerse Gururun bir \u005cu00f6nemi kalmaz." :D Sonra Sar\u005cu0131\u005cu015f\u005cu0131nlar her zaman aptal olmuyormu\u005cu015f.O Joffrey'in \u005cu0130\u005cu011fren\u005cu00e7 sar\u005cu0131 kafas\u005cu0131n\u005cu0131 Kapart\u005cu0131p "Kitaplar\u005cu0131ma dokunan\u005cu0131n ak\u005cu0131beti" yaz\u005cu0131l\u005cu0131 bir pankartla odam\u005cu0131n tavan\u005cu0131ndan salland\u005cu0131rmak istiyorum :D Parlak ye\u005cu015fil g\u005cu00f6zlerinden iyi anahtarl\u005cu0131k olabilce\u005cu011fi kanatindeyim laf aram\u005cu0131zda :DBir Lannister olmas\u005cu0131na ra\u005cu011fmen c\u005cu00fcce beni \u005cu00e7ok etkiledi :DTyrion Lannister ve Jon Snow <3Ok...more
p2248
aVThe "A Song of Ice and Fire" series shows us what happens in a mythical world where all seven deadly sins are at play (without direct reference to them) and it works. If you like a series where the author creates a super detailed - albeit sometimes confusing - new world for you to inhabit, you're going to love this one.Book 1, A Game of Thrones, does what any great 1st book in a series does: makes you want to immediately start reading book 2. It took a while for me to feel familiar enough with t...more
p2249
aVWho am I to talk about a book so talked about and having it's own TV series on HBO? I am not going to go too deep into this book explaining why you shouldn't waste your time reading this as there will be 15K others trying to convince you otherwise. Everyone you get introduced to gets killed, generous serving of incest, so many goddamn loyalties that you will need to go back to the section where the author details these to understand their relevance to the context and fantasy fiction be it as it...more
p2250
aVLoved this book..best of the series. Strengths...author's exploration of various points of view of different characters makes for interesting reading; some characters fall out the mainstream of usual hero or heroine types; outsider characters or people usually marginalized by society are well represented; feel good aspects of fantasy that can sometimes represent as corny do not appear in this authors style of fantasy  more brutal realism. Weaknessess for me: continuity of storylines can be confus...more
p2251
aVThis story of intrigue and multiply nested political moves plays out on a backdrop of somewhat familiar fantasy tropes without falling into the trap of using traditional soft fantasy concepts such as a deus ex machina. I was very impressed with the strategy involved by nearly every player in the well-named game of thrones, and found myself on the edge of my seat several times throughout the story.My only complaint is that I watched the tv adaptation first, making me anticipate several events whi...more
p2252
aVI've seen book #5, A Dance with Dragons, everywhere this summer so I thought I'd give it a try.  One of the reviews said that critics are calling this author "the american Tolkien."  It wasn't that good and not really like Tolkein in my opinion other than being an epic novel.  Anyway I really did like it and I suppose my only complaint is that there is too much information about random whores and the world's oldest profession in a style that I would refer to as "technical writing."  In any case it d...more
p2253
aVAt the risk of having ALL my friends defriend me, I liked these books all right, but did not find them as compelling as others. Throughout the series, I have found the mystery and danger of whatever is going on north of the Wall to be about a billion times more interesting and compelling than the politics going on south of the Wall. Excepting Arya's story. Love Arya. Also, call me sophomoric or soft-hearted, but I like magic, romance and fairy tale in my books. I read these to ESCAPE the uncerta...more
p2254
aV[trigger warning: rape]Right. Okay.This was a good book. A really good book, don't get me wrong. The worldbuilding was fantastic - every character seemed realistic, and they all made mistakes, and they were all human. Of course, this is fantasy for a reason - there is some sort of otherwordly feel to it all - the Others, for example, so there is that.Every chapter rotates through a new character and event, which means that you cannot skip a chapter or miss something essential to the plot (I skip...more
p2255
aVI love this series!  We watched the show Game of Thrones on HBO, because it looked like something both my husband and I would enjoy and we were totally hooked.  Then I read the series and I haven\u005cu2019t stopped since. In a fantasy world very much like medieval times but with a hint of magic, people are fighting to rule the kingdom while a deadly winter that can lasts years is fast approaching. I love how complicated the plot is and how the book has a little of everything\u005cu2013action, humor, romance, intrigu...more
p2256
aVI watched the seasons available at HBO Go and was able to get into the book at last. I've tried a couple times before this but just felt daunted by the size of the books and, frankly, the prologue did not pull me in as I would have needed it to. Now, of course, having been properly primed, I found the book to be incredible. Well, maybe epic. Yeah, definitely epic in scope. I am impressed by Martin's ability to carry so many storylines at once as well as his world-building; what I am not as impre...more
p2257
aVI am so glad that my cousin and husband recommended this series to me.  It has given me a half of summer of truly excellent reading!  It took a little bit to get into this book - I am not one to typically read books with maps -  and the made up lands actually matter to the plot.  All the characters were pretty confusing at the beginning.  The Game of Thrones is a series about many families battling for the kingdom, and somehow the author turns what could have been the most predictable and well-trodde...more
p2258
aVI finished this yesterday and I enjoyed it even more than I had anticipated I would. The first 1/3 or so I wasn't particularly in awe, but at some point I became completely captivated and didn't want to ever have to put the book down. I like that, while it's in the fantasy genre, the fantasy aspect of it does not just hit you over the head. It's about people and their daily lives, with some fantasy elements thrown in. My favorite chapters were the ones belonging to Tyrion, Jon and Ned. Sansa I d...more
p2259
aVThere are plenty of insightful reviews of this book out there, so I'm not going to parse the literary and technical merits of this work.  I just want to briefly share my thoughts.  My knowledge of fantasy literature is basic at best and the only author whose works I've read extensively in this genre is Tolkien.  So, naturally, my understanding of Martin's work is fated to be heavily shaded by the tales of Middle Earth and its inhabitants.In short, I thought "Game Of Thrones" was fantastic.  After ea...more
p2260
aVEven though this book took me forever to read (if only Martin had added one more character/set of chapters, then I could have gone completely crazy trying to keep everyone straight), I really liked it. It was interesting to read it having already seen the TV series even though that did spoil some big plots points, but I really loved that some of my favourite lines from the show were lifted directly from the book. The only thing I found a little unsettling was the age of some of the characters (D...more
p2261
aVEveryone is reading this, and I just hate to be behind on the times, so I read it too.  Next up: Fifty Shades of Gray!  Just kidding. But look.  The show is fun, I decided to read the books.  At least the first book, anyway.  And, you know, the book is just as fun as the show.  Probably more fun!  It's definitely the most-similar-to-the-book film/TV representation of a work of fiction I ever saw, which is thrilling.  Scenes in the show are often exact recreations of what is in the book, right down to ev...more
p2262
aVThis was a great guilty pleasure for me. It isn't especially high brow, but it sure is fun. I did like how several characters resembled historical figures. Prince Joffrey and his mother Cersei are a lot like Nero and his scheming mother. Robert Barathion was a fat, drunk, completely hedonist king who literally bankrupted the empire with his parties. This is much like Caligula sans the extreme sadism. Later Dani becomes a sort of moral crusader who goes to extreme measures to fight evil slave tra...more
p2263
aVI had a hard time getting into A Game of Thrones until I watched the series. Then after the names and faces were in place I started to dread the whole thing ending, but considering the size of the four books and the pace at which I'm reading it should last well through the summer.The first in a four part series does what I love most about books, takes you to another place better than the Old Spice Guy. I can't imagine a movie could do what the TV series has done, and can't think of any other sho...more
p2264
aVMartin is a great writer and can build a world like no one's business. He has a wonderful ability to express the feel of a place with words. But the pacing! For the love of all that is good and holy in the world, have something happen! I was halfway through the book and I discovered much to my chagrin that if someone asked me what the plot was, I wouldn't have a real clue where to start. I never had a vested interest in any of the characters (although well written about). When I read a book, I n...more
p2265
aVAdmittedly, I've already watched the TV show on HBO or the same name, so going into this book I was already familiar with the characters and plot line. I have to say, HBO did a pretty good job of sticking to what George R.R. Martin has written.I loved the book. It seemed pretty well thought out. The plot, despite its many characters, was easy to follow but still complex and unpredictable enough to keep me very engaged. The writer's style was readable without being too simplified (i.e. sentences...more
p2266
aVWhile some of the language and amount of violence and intregue isn't my usual.  Once I got started with this book, it was very difficult to put it down.  One chapter with a set of characters would end and I'd want to know more, but the next chapter hopped to another set of characters and their doings, so I'd be forced to keep reading.  Not that I minded all too much, to tell the truth.  Most excellent read, even though I often wanted to slap and shake many of the characters.  It was either enter the...more
p2267
aVWhat to say, what to say:Incredibly rich with imagery and amazing description. GRRM is great at dramatic irony, although it can be said that the reader thinks that they know what is going on but perhaps is just as clueless as the characters, quite the paradox.GRRM loves to throw curve-balls, much to the excitement and utter dismay of the readers. Do not get attached to anything in these books because as a friend constantly says to me when I proclaim disbelief at a passage I have reader, "No one...more
p2268
aVhttp://meadowmuffinsofthemind.com/201...Well, after the HBO series and, frankly, quite a bit of peer pressure, it was time to dive into George R.R. Martin\u005cu2019s extensive \u005cu2013 and rather verbose \u005cu2013 A Song of Ice and Fire saga.  The first edition, A Game of Thrones, is the book which aligns with the first season of the HBO series.  The sweep of the novel, which contains an awful lot of exposition and introduction, is appropriately vast compared to its obvious fantasy novel predecessors.  The kingdoms covere...more
p2269
aVThis entire series is amazing. Every character has so much detail and personality. You start reading, and get really into one character's perspective and then the chapter ends, and you're disappointed because you really wanted to continue reading about that character. Then the next chapter starts, and by the end of that chapter you've been sucked into that character's storyline and wish it didn't have to end, even if it means continuing with storyline of the character you originally fell in love...more
p2270
aV Game of Thrones is, complicated. It is truly an amazing work of literature. However, you can't overlook certain details. The details are what separate this series from being the next Lord of the Rings. These details are hairline, and almost unrecognizable. But yet, they are.  I now must elaborate as to why this isn't the messiah of fantasy literature, as proposed by some readers. It isn't for all audiences. Let me elaborate. I, while mature enough to enjoy this literature, would never, ever, le...more
p2271
aVAs Mr. Martin says, "The devil is in the details, [and this book] has a lot of devils."However, that is perhaps the only drawback (if it even is a drawback) to this book/series. All the characters and their respective lineages and loyalties are so well thought out and complicated that it lends a tremendous amount of realness, of believability to the story that's being told. You believe that there was once a mad king called Aerys Targaryen. You believe that there is a 700-foot wall guarded by the...more
p2272
aVHuff... Selesai juga baca buku ini. Udah lumayan lama nggak baca buku yang lebih tebal dari 400 halaman ^^;Anw, ini kisah yang mengangkat banyak topik. Dimulai dari monster di utara, pengasingan "keturunan naga" di Timur, sampai perebutan kursi Iron Throne. Nggak fokus. Tapi kurasa Mr. Martin memang memaksudkan kisah ini lebih dari sekedar 1 buku.Yang menjadi center cerita ini adalah keluarga bangsawan Stark, salah satu dari 7 keluarga paling berkuasa di Westeros -setting cerita kita. POV diambi...more
p2273
aVI thought this was a good read however it's claim to fantasy is small. The seasons are abnormally long and can last a generation, there are mysterious creatures and dead people that walk beyond the Wall to the north, but mostly this book was a medieval political struggle between differrent lands and clans of people all wanting to be ruler of all the kingdoms of the realm  I think GRRM was trying too hard for realism. He makes all the fantasy elements come across as legends and fairytales to the c...more
p2274
aVWhen I was a very young girl, my brother had a toy castle with knights and Robin Hood was one of our favorite tv shows.  I grew up with the fantasy side of those times until I saw Robin and Marian.  It was close to an actual account of the times."A Song of Ice and Fire" reminds me of Robin and Marian.  I enjoyed every word of a Game of Thrones.  Martin is a storyteller extraordinaire.My most favorite character is Tyrion Lannister.  Without knowing any of Tyrion's physical attributes, you would believ...more
p2275
aVOkay, so I got impatient. I like my fantasy prolonged, and whilst I'm enjoying the TV series immensely, one hour a week is quite impoverished in comparison to my standard reading rate. This book is incredibly well-written. To be fair to Benioff & Wiess's TV adaptation "Game of Thrones", the series has remained very faithful to Martin's novel - not really leaving anything out (and the music is a triumph!) - but the level of detail is obviously something that comes across in the book in a way...more
p2276
aVA Game of Thrones, the first installment in George R. R. Martin's A Song of Fire and Ice, has taken the world by storm! As a commuting New Yorker, I can't ride a subway, or pass a park, without finding at least one person reading the novel. But, sadly, I was a little underwhelmed.As someone who started watching the show before reading the book, I can honestly say that I didn't have much left to explore once I began. In fact, I felt that the story was a bit long and tedious. Also, characters were...more
p2277
aVThis seems to me like a mixture between Lord of the Rings and Pillars of the Earth...on one hand you have the mystical beasts like dragons and strange tribes like the Dothraki that almost could belong in a world like Lord of the Rings or any other fantasy land. Then on the other hand, you have scheming lords and incest and violence and war and intrigue and it's written almost like Pillars of the Earth: the plot moves slowly at first, laying out the characters and world, positioning each pawn int...more
p2278
aV The previous administration tried desperately to get me to read these books, but I refused. Skip ahead to the year 2011 and I find them gathering dust in a box of books. I almost sold them but decided to give it a try after reading Joe Abercrombie's First Law book, I saw several reviewers comparing him to Martin. Curiosity got the better of me and I'm glad it did. I love how Martin avoids many cliches of the medium. The cast of characters, while vast, is an interesting ensemble. I like how he l...more
p2279
aVI watched the show, fell in love, and decided I had to read the books. Yes, this is long but it's an easy read. His writing isn't particularly great, but it's not total trash. His strength is in creating awesome characters and plot. Occasionally he slips into some lame romance novel-style language (lots of references to "his manhood"), but it's not frequent enough to bug me. I keep reading that he's been called the American Tolkien, which I think is kind of crap. He does owe a huge debt to Tolki...more
p2280
aVThis is a hard one to review. There was a lot to like here, but I feel that overall there was a lot more here that I just couldn't care for at all and I'm really trying to figure out why that was such a strangely disappointing read for me. I liked the overall story well enough, although the plot didn't exactly suprise me or sweep me away, but my rating is still more of a 2.5 than a solid 3 stars.So, maybe I should start with explaining what kind of reader I am: I love me some history, both in fi...more
p2281
aVAt first I was sceptical about this. I thought Martin was a Tolkien wannabe. Based on nothing but assumption, I should add. When I started reading, I was still unconvinced and hung up on pedantry, with Americanised spellings, modern swearing etc. Once I delved a little deeper, these concerns were washed away as Game of Thrones grabbed me and didn't let go. It probably better represents English history than Tolkien's mythical, Norse-based classic. GoT is brutal and full of characters with fascina...more
p2282
aVLet\u005cu2019s start with The Lord of the Rings. Why? First, because it\u005cu2019s the only other fantasy novel I\u005cu2019ve ever read. Two, because it gives us a readymade point of comparison. And three, because A Song of Ice and Fire, even in its uncompleted form, surpasses The Lord of the Rings on every level, save the cloying power of nostalgia. When I think of The Lord of the Rings, I think of high school. I think of chess club members and D&D get-togethers on prom night and virgins getting stuffed into lockers...more
p2283
aVThis book is a 600+ page preface to a story that only begins to unfold in the last 200 pages.  Excruciatingly slow.  I do not mind books that are low on plot, but they need to compensate by presenting characters whose complexity increases as the book unfolds.  A well drawn character will draw me like a cat to tuna, but Martin's saga is soap opera bland.Game of Thrones crawled along, each chapter named for the character who carries that bit of narrative.  Usually, this is a device I like, especially...more
p2284
aVA Game of Thrones is a must read if you like medieval times, knights, horses, castles, battle, deceit, honor and surprises.  I love the direwolves and the strong will of the Westeros women.
p2285
aVNot knowing what to expect from A Game of Thrones I took it for a traditional elves and dragons fantasy. Whilst I got half of this, I was left surprised, too - not at the setting (your average medieval-esque fantasy Europe), but at the strength and uniqueness of the characters. Martin attempts to tear down all our notions of idyllic fantasy, where, in the end, good triumphs over evil and peace resumes. His purpose (or what I perceived it to be) is to play out what might really happen, given mans...more
p2286
aVI've been a fan of the fantasy genre for a long time.  I'll admit that I have not read everything out there (that would be a lot) but I have been exposed to quite a few authors.  None of that really prepared me for when I first picked up this book by George R.R. Martin.  To give away any details would be a crime, but suffice it to say that this was a very fresh take on the genre.  There is less of an emphasis on the magical (though it is there) and much more put on the political intrigue and schemin...more
p2287
aVWell, I started this book as it was recommended to me by... pretty much everyone. (This may contain spoilers) It was a good read , however I can understand why some people would get frustraited. I got the impression that the book had only just laid out the scenes and chracters, then it finished. So, I'll read the 2nd book and get back to you. I liked the book and am curious to see where it leads to in the future books. It's a little strange to have main chracters killed off one by one, making me...more
p2288
aVThis is a great and exciting story, full of rich characters, complex motivations, the play of vast forces.I read it with the intention of reading the entire series, frustrated at the idea of paying full price to view the HBO interpretations, even digitally.Now I'm having second thoughts about that intention. This one volume took me nearly a month to get through, with other reading and a life to live. And Volume 3 is 1000 pages long. I'm not sure I want to commit the next year of my life to getti...more
p2289
aVFantas\u005cu00eda que se lee como ficci\u005cu00f3n hist\u005cu00f3rica.El inicio de la guerra civil es Westeros escapa de las 5 estrellas por tener escenas que ralentizan al libro. A veces, s\u005cu00f3lo a veces, da la sensaci\u005cu00f3n de prolongarse innecesariamente.Aunque el libro tiene una gran virtud. Como los puntos de vista cambian por personaje, de cap\u005cu00edtulo a cap\u005cu00edtulo, ocurre que a veces est\u005cu00e1s leyendo un episodio interesant\u005cu00edsimo para desp\u005cu00faes cambiar a un personaje que no te interesa mucho... y de repente, ese otro personaje se vuel...more
p2290
aVThis is the first of the Game of Throne series and I would have to rate this the highest of the first three I have read, because of the novelty.  I had seen the series on TV first.  Although I usually like the written word better, this was an even heat because of the good casting and faithful recounting of the TV series.  I will review the next two in the series here, in general terms.  Although I enjoyed the second, it was wearing thin by the third.  I actually wanted to get ahead of the TV series,...more
p2291
aVThe reason I read this book was because of the show. I tried watching it, didn't know any of the characters, so I decided I was going to read it before trying to watch it again.First off, this book is amazing. The characters are all great, the switching off from character to character each chapter really worked well, and the length wasn't too bad to get through if you just got into it. The first hundred pages were hard to get through since I was still learning names, but it really got going once...more
p2292
aVThis book and series are so incredibly well-written and the world-building is so believable, it's transportive. I could neither turn pages nor read chapters quickly enough.  Although it can get a little an trying having each chapter be about a different character, it's mostly due to frustration and impatience in wanting to know what is happening or has happened with them.  There is also a lot of detail, so that sometimes presents a bit of a difficulty in keeping track of everyone each main charact...more
p2293
aVClassic fantasy fiction ... swords and sorcery (little of the latter thus far, but with hints there is plenty more around the corner). It's not The Lord of the Rings but what is?Good, strong characters. I find myself liking the Imp, even though he's well into antihero territory. Neither the most original nor most cliched book in the genre, but at least it's orc-free. (If I pick up fantasy by anybody besides J.R.R. Tolkien and it has orcs, I put it back down.)I'm certainly going to read the secon...more
p2294
aVThis one is a real page-turner!  Though it took me awhile to understand who's who, Martin creates a vivid and compelling other-world, chock full of rival families and their long rosters of guards and servants.  It's hard to tell throughout the novel who's trustworthy, a sign, I think, of a strong narrative and even stronger characterization.  I'm particularly taken by the female characters, especially the Queen and Lady Stark, who are strong-willed and unafraid to speak up, and, as high-born women,...more
p2295
aVI love epic fantasy series.  I've read Wheel of Time and Valdemar and some Shannara.  I love love love LOTR.  But this is not my particular brand of epic fantasy.  It's too similar to real life.  Especially since I like to read about 15th Century British history, which this book is loosely (or sometimes not so loosely) based on.  The characters were interesting, particularly Daenarys and Tyrion, but I just couldn't really get into it and I doubt I'll read any further.  I understand why people love it a...more
p2296
aVall these books are terrible! one of them says 'meanwhile, back at the wall' come on! and something about someones penis being as hard as the stone wall around him. it's piffle!! all of it. in saying that, it's extremely difficult to put down. i read all seven books that have been released (got it at Costco for 38bucks! do not spend the money on it. if you must read it....borrow)couldn't stop reading till the end.....did i say end?? no, it doesn't end!!!!! there is room for at least another 7 bo...more
p2297
aVUna novela con tres l\u005cu00edneas argumentales, que van mezcl\u005cu00e1ndose a cada cap\u005cu00edtulo, saltando de una historia a otra, dej\u005cu00e1ndonos con una constante duda, \u005cu00bfQu\u005cu00e9 pasar\u005cu00e1?. La historia tiene CIENTOS de personajes, que son parte de alguna familia de nobles o de familias menores, varios miembros de estas casas toman parte de la historia con mayor o menor implicaci\u005cu00f3n. Para contar esta historia cada cap\u005cu00edtulo es contado desde el punto de vista de un personaje, esto nos permite ver desde diferentes puntos de vista...more
p2298
aVI usually hate fantasy stories, real life is far more interesting, but I loved the TV series so I decided to give this book a try.My greatest fear was that George Martin would be the type of writer who would cram in as many adjectives and irrelevant details to to book as possible and while there is a bit of that (hey, its a fantasy novel so it is to be expected) it isn't nearly as bad as I feared. The story clips along pretty quickly and the authors method of breaking the story up by concentrati...more
p2299
aVI was blown away by how much I liked this book! When I started I didn't really like that we got to know so many people, but when I started to get to know the characters and got used I really came to like reading about a lot of different people. It makes the story much more complicated and fun. I also liked that we aren't able to guess to much of what will happen. In most books you know that the good guys will survive, in this book however... First of you don't always know who are the good guys,...more
p2300
aVA Game of Thrones is a rather complex book full of varied characters, some I liked more then others.  Overall, it is a story that centers on death and an eventual battle for the Throne of the Seven Kingdoms.  Told in alternate characters point of views the details of the story emerge.  It's these different point of views that were trying for me at times (keeping up with who is related to who and in which house they belong), but also leads to some of the more interesting intrigue, murders, backstabb...more
p2301
aVI had sort of a hard time rating this book purely on its own merit outside of the show.  I watched the television series before reading the written version, and, because of the sheer amount of characters and detail Martin incorporates, I'm glad I did.  If you're a fan of the show, the first book follows the first series almost identically.  Although there's always quite a lot going on, Martin does a very good job of covering everything without making it seem too draggy by dedicating each chapter to...more
p2302
aVNot going to try to expand on all the other reviews. A couple of things:  this is world-class fantasy for people who don't like sci/fi and fantasy. Aside from some very occasional otherworldly stuff, this can be read as a splendid historical novel set in a beautifully imagined alternative world not unlike medieval England.  What sets this apart not only from most genre stuff but from most novels you'll read is that Martin is a wonderful prose stylist IMHO--everything he writes rings true and is ex...more
p2303
aVI tried hard to like this book based upon recommendations and the popularity of the HBO series that has come from it. However, though it had enough strengths to get me to finish it, there is not enough to compel me to continue with the series.The story is everything you would expect from a conspiracy-laden, medieval-style epic fantasy. You\u005cu2019re never quite sure who can be trusted and if good will ever succeed. The story tracks primarily three different families, each with stakes in the seeking the...more
p2304
aVGeorge R.R. Martin is one of the ALL TIME Great masters of Epic Fantasy storytelling.What is fantastic about this series is that it is based in a more real world Medieval setting. It is actually a FantHistorical series ; or a Fantasy with Historic elements based on our Medieval history.The Characters in this series are some of the MOST engrossing you will ever encounter.If you are a FAN of the HBO series "Game Of Thrones" ; you absolutely MUST READ these books.He is the one of the MOST vividly d...more
p2305
aVI enjoyed this book a lot.  I won't give a synopsis of the book since I'm not very good at that.It was well written and kept my interest.  And it was long, so it took me a week to read it.  It is not a happy story, where good things happen to the characters you get attached to and everything turns out okay by the end of the book.  The characters have a mixture of successes and failures, and your never sure which way it'll go until it happens.Also the book is definitely a series.  There are a lot of t...more
p2306
aVI... don't... know? I wanted to read this even though I don't general like huge high fantasy novels, but it's such a cultural zeitgeist and I maybe want to watch the show but I can't be snobby about it if I don't read the book first, duh. So, like I said, high fantasy is not my thing and I got frustrated by how many characters there are. I also hate fictional books that come with fictional maps and fictional family trees. I much prefer books that hone in deep on a few characters and how fucked u...more
p2307
aVThis is definitley not my usual genre but after such rave reviews, I gave it a shot.  It was a long slog, but something about the character and the stories kept me going for the first 600 pages, although there were times I considered abandoning the mission.  The story picks up for the last 200 pages, and by the end, I was thoroughly intrigued.  Say what you will about Mr. Martin, but he can tell a story of epic scale and make the reader turn the page.  The problem is I'm not sure I have the patience...more
p2308
aVI'll admit, I originally started reading this because I just finished watching the first season on HBO and I enjoyed it. Fantasy is not normally my go-to genre when reading, so when I finished this in a couple of days I was pleasantly surprised. The characters, though many, all had purpose and were described in interesting ways. Parts of the novel repulsed me but there were also moments when it would excite me. I'm a firm believer that novels will always be superior to their movie or television...more
p2309
aVI cannot be counted among the fans of this book.  I finished it and half the second.  But by the time I finished the thirteenth identical Arya chapter I was bored, bored, bored.  None of the characters are likeable, some insipid (Sansa), some stupid (Ned).  Everyone dies and there is no overarching meaning to anything.  If I want Chekhov I will read Chekhov.  At least Anton had the decency to write short stories and plays.  George just writes a seven bazillion compendium of letters where the author see...more
p2310
aVThis is the beginning of the one of the greatest fantasy series ever written.  This is one of those books that I read well into the night without getting tired.  Loved it.
p2311
aVThis book was fairly good.  I think my anticipation of the story was high based on my conversations with friends about the TV show.  This was one of my first fantasy genre reads since "Lord of the Rings" so my bar was set fairly high.  I also expected a little more magic and dragons in the storyline.  I would have graded this story with 2 stars but I am hopeful this is more of a prelude storyline.  I won't fully judge the "Fire and Ice" series until I finish the next book.  I can tell this story is ju...more
p2312
aVIt is hard to start describing this book, especially since (most) everyone knows what it is about by now. For those who have not plunged into its depths, or not seen the show, it is an epic story of a kingdom, and who sits on its throne. If that doesn\u005cu2019t interest you, the characters will. There are a lot of plot lines that are going on at once, many merging, and some building to hopefully merge together. Most cling to Ned Stark\u005cu2019s plot, and use him as the central character. He is full of honor to...more
p2313
aVThe scope of this book and the gallery of characters are mind-boggling and staggering. During the first 200 pages, this was not a plus for me; I couldn't remember the characters from one chapter to the next and didn't feel drawn into the story because of this. I began reading another book at that stage, feeling frustrated as I'd read many of the reviews in here, and they were positive to say the least. I assumed that these people could'nt all be wrong. They weren't, of course. I persevered, and...more
p2314
aVWhat more is there to say about Game of Thrones? I started reading this after I heard some of the praise going around for the TV series (which I haven't seen). I somehow managed to finish all 800 pages of it, but I was often close to quitting, and I don't think I will be reading any of the sequels.In a way, the story is compelling, but more like a soap opera than a properly structured novel. The book is clearly meant to be epic, and the saga just rolls on and on and on, often way beyond the poin...more
p2315
aVIt's been about 15 years since I read my last fantasy book (LOTR, for the fifth or sixth time). I used to be a huge fan of the genre, but at some point you definitely grow out of the Forgotten Realms novels. I haven't seen the series, but hears people talking about it, so I bought the audiobook. And it was Fantastic.Martin's world is just the kind of 'low' fantasy that I like anyway, with a hint of magic which is not quite there but giving the setting the extra spice. Obviously, a book with the...more
p2316
aVIf I could give this book more stars I would.  My nerdy side loved it.  I am a huge fan of the Lord of the Rings Trilogy and part of me really thinks that this book was better.   I watched the first half of the HBO show and I was shocked with how closely it followed the book. There are tons of characters and having the visuals of each character from the show really helped me keep track of who was who.  The twists and turns of the plot line had me itching to turn the page to see what was going to happ...more
p2317
aVMy family practically forced this book on me, but I had hours of train travel ahead of me, so why not?  A lot of people call Martin the "American Tolkien" which I don't find reassuring because I can't stand Tolkien, but I think of the first book in the series as more of a beach read, to be honest.  It's the definition of a page-turner - very hard to put down, very easy to lose yourself in, but it's far from great literature.  There's a lot of fantasy cliches here, bad sex writing, but it's still en...more
p2318
aVWhat did I think? Hmmmm...1st. Thank the gods that there was an index of characters in the back of the book. SO many to keep track of.2nd. After a while I started to gloss over alot of description paragraphs (easy enough when you have 800 pager in your hand (nook)3rd. I'll agree, it is right up there with The Lord of the Rings! When I would finally stop reading during the night and turn off the light I would start to think about the characters and how they handled what's going on. That, to me, i...more
p2319
aVOK, I am obsessed with the land of Westoros!!  Every few years you need to lose yourself in another world, a land of kings and queens and barbarians and dragons and direwolves and yes, let's throw in a few zombie like Others.  Finished the first book in record time, and I'm burning thru book 2. I gotta admit, the HBO guys have it spot on with casting the series, too. The characters range from the deranged, the disenfranchised, the truly evil and the truly admirable.  You can find yourself disparagi...more
p2320
aVIf you are into chain mail and betrayal, this is the book for you. It can be a little hard to keep up with all the characters at times for some people, but very much worth it.  Eddard Stark, best friend of King Robert, takes the position of the Hand of the King after the previous Hand dies. As he starts working with the king, very suspicious revelations come to him about the previous Hand's death and some of the people closest to the king. Meanwhile, past evils come back to haunt the Wall and thr...more
p2321
aVFor fantasy fans, this was a nice book one, I'm looking forward to the rest of the series.Er, fantasy.  Lord of the Rings genre.  I read somewhere that the author believes that if he is going to write about war, treachery, heroism, action, consequences, that it would be very unfair if the leading characters all work their way through the long story, with some wounds, but all in all are in it to the end.  Mr. Martin allows some of those leading characters to die through the narrative, along with los...more
p2322
aVExcellent start to what is probably the best Fantasy series of all time.The Game of Thrones takes you through the lives of the Starks as they leave their quiet home in the north for the plots and betrayals of the south.  We see the story through their eyes, as well as one other character; the dwarf brother of the current queen.This first book has very little 'fantasy' elements in it. There are tales of magic, dragons, and giants, but these things are long dead and half forgotten. Everyone knows t...more
p2323
aVSo I am writing this review when I already have finished Book Two, A Clash of Kings, and am about to start Book Three, A Storm of Swords. It's taken me this long because, well, A Game of Thrones took me by surprise.Take away the magic, the old-fashioned wardrobe, the swords and mythical creatures, at its heart Game of Thrones is ruthless political warfare. The Democrats and Republicans haven't got anything on the people of Westeros who are vying for the Iron Throne.That would also be my descript...more
p2324
aVSshhh. Don't tell anyone, but I actually really enjoyed this.I am no longer a 13 year old boy and therefore started out by rolling my eyes at mentions of dungeons, dragons and the donning of helms - and also at some of Martin's clumsy writing - but ultimately his story and characters (and to a certain extent his world) were enough to very quickly bring me through what is a *long*, if rather hokey, book.If you don't have a knee length beard, fantasy is a difficult genre to engage with, and that w...more
p2325
aVI needed to read this again after seeing the first half of the excellent HBO series based on it. It's rare to see a tv or movie adaptation that well done. All these years later, a second read didn't disappoint. Martin doesn't have time for the usual fantasy tropes, and as many before me have said, you can't get attached to any one character because surely the minute you do that character will die.One small gripe I had this time around, and I don't remember being irked by it the first time I read...more
p2326
aVThis is a faux-medieval soap-opera with some fantasy dust motes thrown in like those chocolate chip cookies with no chocolate chips. In this book everybody is a) unlikeable and/or b) evil. That's it. We are as far from noble heroism as possible to go without overtaking the Enterprise. Oh, there is also a lot of (forced) sex, which the dictionary tells me is called RAPE, and dragging child-women by their hair to the cave (okay, maybe not the cave but literally everywhere else). I give this book t...more
p2327
aVWhat can I say about this book that hasn't already been said? Other than the fact that reading it is like being forced to gallop through a forest of amazeballs people in the vain hope of some sort of happy resolution that never comes and only leaves you in paroxysms of agony. Which sounds awful, I know, but really it's orsum. You just want to live with these people and eat dinner with them and probably have sex with them, too. Frantic, grimy, medieval sex. And that just makes it brilliant when t...more
p2328
aVAmazing book.  Already ordered the next three; that should say enough.Bought it at a friend's recommendation and it sat on a shelf.  When the HBO show came out I picked it up and did not put it back down.  The characters breathes real air and live in a world that presents a thousand motivations.  Martin has the unique ability to say something in passing that will surprise you again chapters later.  The book is most aptly named as it all about the politics of this complicated world.  Like the best fant...more
p2329
aVI read several of the reviews posted here on Goodreads, and I really began to worry that I wasn't going to enjoy this book. Fortunately, that wasn't the case. I have never read anything from this particular genre, so perhaps I am not a good judge of the merit of this book as it relates to the genre. But I am an avid reader, across many genres, styles and even age groups, so I believe I am a good judge of the merit of a story.Game of Thrones is the first book in a series of five entitled "A Song...more
p2330
aVhttp://tinyurl.com/3brpekmIt could be that reading over-800-page books on Kindle makes them more ingestible, but I enjoyed the start of this series more than Wise Man's Fear. Maybe I won't feel the same way about the second book...?The prep work that Martin has done is obvious once you get past the first 200 pages. If I can't keep all the families and their allegiances straight, how is the author going to?? I imagine he created a bible, such as the Lost creators did, to keep all the relationship...more
p2331
aVOverall a very good book.  What kept this from being 5-star rating?  Disappointment 2/3 way through when I realized there would truly be no resolution to any storyline...I know, this is first book in series but I guess I thought that meant series as in the whole world created by Martin, not the actual plotline running through an entire 4-book series (maybe more in the future?)...it actually slowed down me finishing the book because I knew it was not leading me anywhere.  Some pointless scenes and c...more
p2332
aVI had some pretty glowing reviews dumbed on me before reading this book but it delivered on every level.  It was an excellent read and I tore through this 1000+ book very quickly.  It falls in the medieval/fantasy realm but keeps things pretty grounded.  As the series moves on more fantasy elements are brought in but to kick things off its a lot of straight up action and intrigue.  My only gripe with this book, and the series is the overt sexuality.  I normally don't mind it but he gets pretty graphi...more
p2333
aVI read this book on recommendation from KKB.  I've never really gotten into fantasy (unless you count the Lord of the Rings), and this one was actually fairly light on that...it basically seemed like historical fiction set in the middle ages.That being said, I don't think it was all that well written. Modern phrases kept on slipping in, kind of glaringly, but my bigger complaint is that all the characters were one-dimensional. People were very noble or very naive, or very calculating.  Everyone be...more
p2334
aVThis book was very well done! I was enamored from the beginning. Martin writes almost impeccably and his characters are all very three dimensional.There is a lot happening and the story jumps from one character to another. In a way, that's great - it's like reading a sophisticated soap opera. But some chapters end in a cliffhanger, and then you have to read about other characters while you want to find out what happened to the other.Martin's play with fantasy politics was superb. The only reason...more
p2335
aVFascinating -- and sometimes deadly boring -- creation of a fantasy world and its denizens.  A bit jumbled and top-heavy, clearly designed as the opening salvo of a multi-part onslaught of interconnected strangeness.  I enjoyed it more than I thought I would, this not being my genre at all, and also couldn't wait for it to end.  When it did end on the note it did, my reaction was a snort of "saw that nonsense coming 600 pages away" derision along with anger that so many plot points will have to be...more
p2336
aVWhen it comes to fantasy, I actually prefer the lyrical, poetic voice of Ursula Le Guin or the more reflective Deverry novels by Katherine Kerr. A Game of Thrones, in contrast, is all but lyrical; it is an epic undertaking. It is also highly entertaining, like the war of the Roses on steroids. I am used to reading long novels, but in the beginning I thought the author is introducing too many characters too quickly without letting them develop in a complex way. Most remain like drawings (drawn by...more
p2337
aVAlthough I appreciate George R.R. Martin's epic, I feel the first in the 'A Song of Fire & Ice' saga is a bit dragged out. I didn't feel it picked up until about the last 300 pages and even then, there were parts that were just a drag to read. Martin likes to keep us waiting for the climatic parts. I respect that but after awhile, it gets to be too much. And as for King Robert's death? It was pretty weak. Along with Eddard'. I mean, there are two very prominent characters and Martin just kin...more
p2338
aVI made the mistake of watching the first season of the show before I read the book. (The only reason I was interested in the book was because of the show.) This made for very slow reading since I knew what was going to happen. As the sorry unfolded, it became clear to me that every scene in the show (save a handful) was taken directly from the pages of the novel. This says a great deal about Martin's attention to detail and his sharp dialogue, rather than a studio bringing it to life. This place...more
p2339
aVA great read.I have seen and heard lots about this series and part of me knew that eventually I would give it a go. I have not watched any of the TV series, but I have heard good things about it too.One thing, like with most fantasy books, that I feared was the pace. But the tales has got a great pace and the scene is set from very early on and we become familiarised with all the characters from the word GO!I have enjoyed it more than I had expected and the pace was perfect. I am still tempted t...more
p2340
aVFirst things first. If you have seen the first season of the HBO series of the same name, you probably don't need to read this book. The TV series is such a faithful adaptation that nothing is left out.Whilst you might not need to read the book I did, however, think that seeing the TV series first helped keep faces to names particularly with the less central characters. Martin introduces a lot of characters in the book and it could be hard to keep up. I love the plot, which relies as much as if...more
p2341
aVAt least for this first book in the series, it paralleled the show of the same name almost exactly. While the show adaptation is excellent, the book is even better though I enjoyed some scenes in the show more than I enjoyed reading them.Though it is a longer novel, I never thought it to be wordy. The character development is first in class, the politics top notch and entertaining (or angering), and the fantasy elements, albeit minimal to the overall plot, is very well done and made me turn the...more
p2342
aVThis series is incredibly addictive.  The characters are engaging, though many of them are far from nice people.Martin has a way with character, though. He writes each chapter in the voice of a major character, revolving around the cast of characters.  Just when you are rooting for a villianous character to bite the dust, he brings in a chapter told from that character's point of view and helps you understand him or her.If you like fantasy, this is a series that you should read.  A warning though--...more
p2343
aVThe first book in the Song of Ice and Fire series sets all of the pieces in play for what promises to be a magnificent epic tale.  The story is dark and irreverent; there are many points where the reader must set aside sentimentality for human or animal life, for some of the details would be paralyzing if one were to think on them for too long.  Oftentimes it paints a disturbing portrait of the realities of war--not the heroes and infallible knights in shining armor, but the profound and senseless...more
p2344
aVHmm. This is the first big doorstop-size fantasy book I've read in quite a while (attempted both J.R.R.T's 'The Fellowship of the Ring' and T. Pratchett's 'The Colour of Magic' aged about 12, nearly died of boredom), and I enjoyed it much more than I expected to. The story was engaging and zipped along at a nice pace, and the world of Westeros (is that right? Is that the name of the world? I'm never sure) was very well constructed, it's history and culture making an interesting backdrop to the n...more
p2345
aVI have to say I had low expectations when I started this book.  I didn't see the HBO series (I refuse to pay any more for cable than I have to) but I knew it had been very successful.  As I got further into the book -- which is a classic good vs. evil fantasy tale -- I liked getting to know the characters more.  I could use a little more difficulty in these folks making choices: it's really hard to be all good or all bad.  Not that life has to be completely reflected in our reading.  But it would add...more
p2346
aVI'll admit that I watched the first season of this show before I read the book. It just so happened that my dad had just recieved the complete season for his birthday. So I borrowed it and was conveniently sick for a few days. So I completely submerged myself in the world of Westeros. So the show got me hooked but the novels have proven to be a whole other level of great. I love all the characters and I love how there is so much grey area. No one person is good or evil, but a combination of both...more
p2347
aVThough there were some bad reviews of this book, I enjoyed it immensely and will be reading the rest of the series. I rarely read fantasy, and it's not a genre that has appealed to me in the past. I kept hearing so much about the HBO series, recorded the episodes, and had to read the first book to give it a try. I was captivated from the beginning and am now a convert. It's one of those books that draws you in and doesn't let go. It calls to you, and when the end nears, it leaves you hungry for...more
p2348
aVWow. I just finished this book with goosebumps. Yes, it's a long book. Yes, it may have extraneous details and other things that critics may pick apart. But to me, a regular reader looking for a more involved book than other recent fan faves, the depth of the characters and unexpected twists of plot more than make up for any faults this book may have.  A number of times while reading, i actually gasped out loud, not believing a writer would actually DO the things Martin does to his characters. Th...more
p2349
aVI was encouraged to read this novel by one of my good friends. After much assurance that I would love it, I bought it on my Kindle and began reading that night. I was pretty surprised to find that I was completely enthralled in the world and the characters by the time I had finished 25% of the book. I couldn\u005cu2019t put it down! Martin is wonderful at creating lush, detailed environments that make it easy for the reader to become part of the story. Winterfell, the Wall, and King\u005cu2019s Landing came alive i...more
p2350
aVThis book's main objective is to make a 13 hour flight to New Zealand bearable.UPDATE:You can pretty much judge this book by its cover. I\u005cu2019m not a connoisseur of medieval/fantasy fiction but when you finish Thrones you should not be surprised with what you found. There are three types of characters 1-Good Guys, 2-Bad Guys and 3-Good guys who are on the wrong side of things for the time being but should be flipping shortly. And don\u005cu2019t worry about a scarcity of characters; in this book there are hea...more
p2351
aVI "Read" the audio book and thought it was very engrossing. The constant and many changes in points of view were distracting at first but after a while, it was ok and very necessary to expand the intrigue and drama of the story. I wanted to go through the book with a pen and paper writting down names and family trees. Everyone is in some way connected to each other and knowing how is important to understanding what's going on and understanding foreshadowing in key dialogue. Of the few HBO episod...more
p2352
aVPeople need to quit hating on these books!!! Yes, some elements are unrealistic, but you just have to look past that, use your imagination, and pay attention to the story!!! It's great!!! Clearly the author wanted you to have an amazing story (actually several different stories) and worried less about some of the "technical" details. Haters get over yourselves. I started watching the show but couldn't follow most of what was going on since so many of the characters looked alike to me, and so muc...more
p2353
aVI was pretty daunted by the prospect of starting this book, mainly because I had trouble making it through Lord of the Rings, and I had heard there were lots of names and families to keep track of in this book, too.  However my fears were pretty much unfounded.  I did look in the appendix once to check who somebody was, but most of the names aren't too weird or anything.  Even though the book is pretty long, I had trouble putting it down because there was just so much intrigue.  This isn't the kind...more
p2354
aV4 stars just because I admire how GRRM could carelessly kills his characters. No, that's not sarcasm. It's good, really. J.K.Rowling were the same with her Harry Potter characters, but I value GRRM higher in that regard. With Rowling, although she killed many favorable characters, all of them have minor roles and at least I know that she won't kill Harry, Ron, or Hermione. But GRRM, buddies, he killed someone who took part in narrating the story! That. Was. Crazy. And I gave him my salutation fo...more
p2355
aVI have to say I'm a huge fan of the show, but my reading tastes are not always inline with what I read.  This fantasy epic/soap opera  is not exactly my cup of tea, but I admit it's very good and enjoyable, once I motivate myself enough to get back into them.  I think the length of these novels is what is most daunting.  In any case, the books are must for anyone who loves the show.                                   1-A Game of Thrones                                 2-A Clash of Kings                                 3-A Storm of Swords                                 4-A Feast for Crows                                 5-A Dance With Dragons (July 12, 2011)
p2356
aVThe first in an extraordinary series by George R.R Martin, a man that has been rightly called the American Tolkien, A Game of Thrones and its successors in the A Song of Ice and Fire series are riveting and glorious, seductive and dangerous, and too many other things to name. My advice to anyone starting this series for the first time is not to get attached to anyone--for in A Game of Thrones the characters are not gods, but mere men, and are prone to all of the triumphs and failures that men ar...more
p2357
aVEnjoyed this book way more than I expected to.  Great characters with a lot of depth and complexity, and very readable.  Only a couple of complaints: 1) You have to read it as part of a series of books.  There are so many unresolved conflicts and unanswered questions at the end - it doesn't make for a very good stand-alone novel.  2) The very last chapter was a little bit too fantasy for me.  Most of the book is rooted in reality, but the last chapter was a bit over the top.I read this with my brothe...more
p2358
aVI have no little fondness for authors who make it a habit to make their readers bleed, but damn if Martin doesn't spin a fantastic tale!::full review pending::
p2359
aVTake a look at the cover on this book before you decide to invest seven hours of your life in this book. Unlike many book covers, this one is a pretty good representation of the story. Yes, there is a big, brawny man on this cover, but, no, he is not passionately yet gently kissing anyone here. This big, brawny man is sitting on a throne and the throne is not a golden throne embedded with diamonds and other jewels. This throne is made of hundreds of well-worn swords that have been welded togethe...more
p2360
aVLoved it!  I watched the first season of Game of Thrones before I read this book and I'm really glad I did.  Although I'm not normally a fantasy reader, this series is ridiculously addictive.  Even though there are many characters, both major and minor, to keep track of they are mostly well developed and interesting.  While watching the show on HBO, I was really not impressed with Sansa and was really not looking forward to her chapters.  However, after reading the book, I grew rather fond of the gir...more
p2361
aVI'd heard a lot about this series and mostly decided to read it out of curiosity.  Since it is available in audiobooks and I can usually get through those faster (I listen on my iPod while doing housework) I decided to listen instead of read.  But when I saw that it was 28(!) CDs I almost said forget it.  I ripped in 3 CDs so that if I didn't like it I wouldn't have wasted my time.  I ended up ripping them all in and was hooked.  I hoped that the first book would be longer since it would be setting t...more
p2362
aVGreat book, which is remarkably faithfully represented by the first season of the HBO TV series. So much so, in fact, that it was difficult for me not to picture the TV episodes as I was reading the novel. Consequently, I have a hard time giving this book a standalone review. I've very excited to read the next installment in the series and delve into some uncharted territory.Recommended for fans of epic fantasy--though the more fantastic elements remain largely muted in this volume, the bits whe...more
p2363
aVI\u005cu2019m probably not alone in only having heard of the Song of Ice and Fire series because of the recent TV show, but I really wish that I had learned of it sooner.  A Game of Thrones is a spectacular book.  Following the paths of several different characters and their stories, A Game of Thrones is ultimately about honor, treachery, and the effects power has on an individual.  George R. R. Martin does a great job with character development, which is both good and bad.  The reader comes to know each majo...more
p2364
aVAfter getting hooked on the Tv show, I wanted to see what all the hype was about. I must say this book is brilliant. A must read for those who love fantasy writing.
p2365
aVI really liked Book 1... the author created this whole new world (which was a bit jarring at first), and the characters are interesting and multi-faceted. Each chapter focuses on one person and what they're up to, and it rotates between eight or so characters. So when you're getting started, it's a little annoying to have to keep learning new people and their names/stories so quickly, but once the book gets rolling the transitions seem natural. If you're curious about these books, and have a kin...more
p2366
aVAfter watching the first season of Game of Thrones on HBO, it quickly became my favorite show on TV. The story is very deep. So, I decided to read the book. I am about halfway through it right now and all I can say is HBO has done an excellent job translating this great book into the TV format.Even though I have seen the entire season of Game of Thrones and know what is going to happen, I an still enjoying the book 100%. The story line is pretty much the same, but the book gives a lot of backgro...more
p2367
aVThe read was amazing, as well as overwhelming. I could not even anticipate the events that unfolded in the end, and I'm still in shock and awe of it all.Initial thoughts:1. The writing is amazing. It's hard to believe that it was first published in 1996! The read has a timeless quality to it.2. Characters are fantastic. From the honourable, to the wicked. But each are not as black and white as they appear. Some surprising, admirable aspects to the most loathsome characters, and less than worthy...more
p2368
aVLoved this book! My favourite parts where Dana's (I skipped ahead sometimes to read them :) ) and the Imp's humour :) It was just so great! Must find the second book!
p2369
aVI listened to this narrated by Roy Dotrice.  EXCELLENT performance!This is a really cool book.  It is full of intrigue.  I was fascinated even when there wasn't much action going on.  It is a world that feels so real sometimes I would forget it didn't really happen.  Oh, and once in a while...ZOMBIES!It is also a pretty grim story...lots of bad things happen to good characters.  I listened to this with a friend and we stopped at one point...too much depression for one day.  In spite of this, the charac...more
p2370
aVThis is one of those times the Goodreads rating system really comes in handy. George R.R. Martin didn't change my life (apart from taking it over for a few days), but I did "really like" this book.I actually abandoned it early on the first time around, a few years ago, during a period of my life when I didn't have a lot of time to really concentrate on something so sprawling. But it clearly stuck with me to the point that I wanted to try again. I want to continue with the rest of the series, tho...more
p2371
aVSince I started watching the series in HBO (now it's already at its 7th episode) I knew for sure I'd read the books. Been so long since my last time reading epic fantasy and this one feels damn good. I swore the book had glue on it and I just couldn't let it go until I finished reading it in one day :DThe characters are unbelievably magnificent and unforgettable. Some were just the ones you love to hate and hate to love. They - the heros, the villains, the antiheros, etc - all had grit, no doubt...more
p2372
aVI must say I was more than skeptical when I first started reading A Game of Thrones by George R. R. Martin. At first glance Thrones appeared to be a fantasy tale that was simply bloated with too many names, titles, and heraldic details. It took me about 100 pages before I even started warming up to the characters and the narrative  style, but once I got properly immersed I was unable to stop until I hit the last page. Martin's style of having chapters follow specific characters and quickly cyclin...more
p2373
aVJust finished this last night and immediately downloaded A Clash of Kings the 2nd book of Martin's massive, and still underway, series. The new mini-series really got me motivated, but I keep wondering where have I been to not have heard about this body of work prior. I admit, I have read a lot more science fiction and history then actual fantasy in the past, but I cut my teeth on Tolkien many years ago. Maybe I thought that there just has not been anything that could top Lord of the Rings again...more
p2374
aVSummers span decades. Winters can last a lifetime. And the struggle for the Iron Throne goes on. Meanwhile... winter is coming.In this first book of the epic fantasy series, A Song of Ice and Fire, author George R.R. Martin tells a story that has been centuries in the making. When we begin the journey, wars have been fought, crowns lost, and histories forgotten.  The story is told mostly through the eyes of the Starks- a noble family who rule a keep in the cold, hard northern region of the world....more
p2375
aVWow!  What an excellent piece of literature.  Martin is an outstanding author, who weaves a knowledge of history, literature, and fantasy together into a memorable book.  The depth of the characters is remarkable, as is the handle that he clearly has on the macro-story.The one weakness of the book is the gratuitous sexual depictions, which are all unnecessary and completely depraved.  I could have done without all of these.  His depictions of deviant sexual behavior could have been totally avoided.  I...more
p2376
aVJust... wow. I cannot get over how incredible this book is. After relentlessly devouring fantasy lit for most of my life, Robert Jordan completely killed my appetite for it in high school. I haven't ever looked back to the genre, until now.Other reviews will go into more depth, but what impressed me most about this novel is how *real* it all is, despite being "fantasy" (don't be fooled-- there is very little magic here). I've never seen such skilled character-building in any other book-- there a...more
p2377
aVI loved this book.  The only thing that bothered me was that some of the people I really wanted dead were still standing at the end. Oh well.  That's life I guess!
p2378
aVThis fantasy series has not been oversold. Despite the fact that it was the HBO series that finally got me to read the book, Martin's work remains superior to the television series. Perhaps that is because he is more interested in character development than in viewer flattery, but aside from that, knowing what is on the horizon does bias my expectations of Martin's storytelling. My only grievance is that the women POV chapters are interspersed thinly amongst all the men, in particular Arya and S...more
p2379
aVOk so a little bit of backstory is needed for this review, first I have to admit that I watched the TV show long before I ever picked up the books, and second I neither wanted to watch the series nor did I ever intend on reading the books.  See a friend recommended the TV series and I said...meh when epic fantasy is right up my alley.  So eventually I gave in watched half of the first episode and then ignored it for another year.  I watched TV almost exclusively on my computer and while looking for...more
p2380
aVSo. I love epic fantasy. Love it. Born and raised reading Tolkien and the like, so trust me when I say that there is little I enjoy more than sinking into a well-told story. That being said, this was an extremely tedious novel to read. The story didn't really get moving until half-way through the book and, when it did, it became disturbing and awkward. I realize that the themes are consistent with medieval-type settings but to have all of them in one book was fairly unsettling. Fortunately, I am...more
p2381
aVI should admit that I began reading this mostly out of curiosity.  I should also admit to being surprised by exactly how much I enjoyed this story, it is not my "normal".  Not that I exactly have a "normal" & I do enjoy Fantasy to be sure, it's just all the war and the story is pretty bloody--lots of death & heads on pikes! Myself, I feel it is that the whole of it is just very well balanced with character development, etc. The worlds were rich & the characters richer. I very quickly *...more
p2382
aVI'm glad I came across the "A Song of Ice and Fire" series. This book is bleak and pessimistic but there is still plenty to enjoy. You'll love the characters. You'll also appreciate the fact that the author tries to do things a bit differently in the fantasy genre like killing off important characters and letting the "bad" guys win at times. It keeps you on your toes. Sure there are characters that lean more towards being evil and others leaning more towards what we would call being righteous an...more
p2383
aVI first watched the TV show adaptation of this book, and I loved it so much that I decided to read the book as well. It did not disappoint me at all. Martin's world is reminiscent of JRR Tolkien's Middle Earth, with many of the same mystical and unknown characteristics. It was hard to follow all of the different story lines at some points, and I had to focus to remember who all of the names were, but it was well worth it. The ending was shocking and unexpected, something that you don't typically...more
p2384
aVSo beautifully conceived. Mr. Martin has got an imagination of extraordinary magnitude. This sort of fantasy takes me back to the "Lord of the Rings" series, and I haven't been this excited to lose myself in epic storytelling since then. These books are masterpieces especially when it comes to character development. I get what Tryion is all about plus I can really understand why readers root for him. He's always a bold personality with  unapologetic bluntness and crass comedic relief.  The new boo...more
p2385
aVFor the past year or so, I've felt as if my geek card had been revoked. Despite the hundreds of sci-fi and fantasy books that sit on my shelves, my growing collection of comics, my geektastic DVD haul, and my familiarity with a twenty-sided die (among others), I just wasn't cutting it. The reason? I had never read A Game of Thrones.A Game of Thrones is the first book in the fantasy series, A Song of Ice and Fire, which focuses on the struggles (both in politics and war) of several powerful famil...more
p2386
aVThis book is under the category fantasy.This was a book given to me by a mate because I really wanted to read it.My favourite quote from this book was hard to narrow down due to the epicness of all the quotes in this book but a really good one is \u005cu201cWhen the snows fall and the white winds blow, the lone wolf dies but the pack survives.\u005cu201d  Because it tells how when winter comes we need to stick together to survive.I learned that a concept like this can be sooooo epic and really hooking at the same ti...more
p2387
aVGeorge R Martin is clearly a perfectionist and pays careful attention to detail, right down to the language he uses in both dialogue and descriptive narrative (glad I was using my trusty Kindle, that could tell me what a 'wen' was back in the dark ages...). It makes reading his work at different times involving, sometime almost overwhelming, but always highly rewarding. The history of Westeros is something that seems almost Tolkein in its depth and breadth, and once the practicality of moving th...more
p2388
aVA very engrossing read. It's as addictive as the show based off it which is pretty much why I read it. If a person who watched the show was to read it, certain characters who were denied a bit of screen time become much more likable - ex. the Hound, Renly. Also, it ties together some loose ends which also makes some unlikable characters even more sickening. An amazing book that I would've devoured even if I had not watched the show before. Amazingly developed characters (especially Daenarys and...more
p2389
aVI'm so glad I decided to re-read it for a second time! I read it in Norwegian and found it much more entertaining this time for some weird reason! O.o
p2390
aVA high-fantasy novel for "manly men", A Game of Thrones is a compelling reading that deserves the renewed attention it's receving in early 21st century, and not only as the work that the HBO series is based on. Although not quite the match of Tolkien or Zimmer Bradley, Martin manages to create and dispatch memorable heroes and villains, along with a world that the reader can almost touch and smell around him or her, from the cold wastes of the world north of Winterfell, to the vast grass plains...more
p2391
aVI finished Game of Thrones, the first book in the Song of Ice and Fire series, today, and, 800-some pages into our relationship, I feel sufficient time has passed that I might try to write my first love letter to George R. R. Martin without seeming like some kind of creepy stalker weirdo or something.No promises, though.Games of Thrones is nothing short of epic, and I am nothing short of enamoured of George R. R. Martin and the world he has created in this series. Do you think he needs an assist...more
p2392
aV"When you play the game of thrones, you win or you die. There is no middle ground."-Cersei LannisterThe book that started it all, George R.R. Martin's 1st foray into the Song of Ice and Fire series introduces us to a rich world full of adventure, intrigue, and deceit. A world populated by complex and unique characters; some of whom that are not always as good or bad as they seem (like Tyrion Lannister) and others who are exactly as they seem (like Cersei).In the middle of this world we find Lord...more
p2393
aVOk, so the first time I read this (because my sister made me), I thought it was uber-boring and complicated. Now, several years later, I got to thinking about it and realized both the story and characters were quite memorable and it might be time for a reread. The second time through, I picked up on many more details that seemed useless before. I also got used to the somewhat awkward phrasing and language at the beginning (sorry, Kelley, still true) and really enjoyed it about 1/4 of the way thr...more
p2394
aVThis has to be one of the best books I have ever read!  It starts off with the execution of a deserter of the "Nights Watch" which is basically a brotherhood guarding the north of the world against the "Wildlings" and other strange northerners who live north of a Huge and Vast Wall......After this, the story gathers pace and follows several characters from their perspective into a political world of Murder, Espionage, Incest, Betrayal and Honour.  The way that Martin keeps the books going is so in...more
p2395
aVLiked it, but eh.. just can't nudge to "really liked it". Admittedly fantasy lit is NOT my thing, but I do enjoy the sort of medieval period and since the book was so highly rated, I figured, give it a go. I think I will have to give book 2 a try to see if that improves my opinion or pulls me down on the other side. The story was fantastic - I mean, the various main characters were fascinating, the interwoven plot lines, death, love, kings, battle... what's not to love there? There were a few ch...more
p2396
aVExcept for The Elder Scrolls video games, I\u005cu2019m not a fan of fantasy (movies or fiction). But since all of my TV shows are over for the season, I decided to give Game of Thrones a try on HBO OnDemand. I didn\u005cu2019t think I\u005cu2019d like it, but I loved it! I asked my friends if I should bother reading the books, and they said to watch the show, \u005cu201cenjoy the ride,\u005cu201d and read the books to fill in any gaps. That\u005cu2019s what I did, and I really enjoyed the book. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because it was so fric...more
p2397
aVA gritty, absorbing, sprawling saga that manages to make all its eight viewpoint characters' stories compulsive reading. Martin weaves an intricate web using various puzzle pieces that in the end make a complete picture of a fascinating, disparate world populated by flesh and blood people who all have agendas and believable motivations. Fantasy elements are used sparingly so that when they do make an appearance they create the same shock and wonderment they would in our world. And in Arya and Ty...more
p2398
aVThis book...I don't know where to begin.  After falling in love with the TV show...I decided last spring to give this book a whirl.  I think the TV might have messed me up on this one.  It is long-winded....and dragged down in places.  I had to slog through some of this, but then I liked some of it so much.  I think the fact that I knew what was going to happen (for the most part) played against a book this long winded.  When something awesome happened to jolt me out of the slog, I already knew it was...more
p2399
aVI'm halfway done!  Okay, I was wrong.  This book is pretty great.  I like the good guys, and I dislike the bad guys, and Tyrion Lannister is THE BEST.  Everyone is appropriately great or awful, and the writing is actually pretty quick.  I also really enjoy the length of the chapters and the lack of cliff-hanger chapter endings.  It's pretty much perfect for "well I'll finish this chapter and then go do X."  -------------------------------------------------Okay, now I'm done.  It was a pretty okay book,...more
p2400
aVHBO started the show and I picked up the books. I since haven't missed an episode of the show and read up to the third book in this series. This is a well thought out setting, with lots of history and hundreds of characters. Each character is unique and has their own story to tell, motivations, morality, and way of looking at the world they live in. The only downside is that it seems to take forever to get anywhere in the story because every chapter is changing the point of view to another chara...more
p2401
aVI am a little nervous about writing a review for a book this massive. It\u005cu2019s close to 800 pages and guys, it took me a month read. Not because it was bad, but because it was so amazing. I could only take it in small doses because I wanted to savor it and really be able to remember it. That being said, here we go with the review.First Thoughts: I have been wanting to read this series for a while. I have heard wonderful things about it and the show is a huge success on HBO. I have also been craving...more
p2402
aVAlthough in the fantasy genre, this book has way fewer dragons and fantasy creatures, but plenty of lords and ladies and warring kingdoms.  The chapters focus on different characters, my favorites being Jon Snow and Eddard.  None is titled "Robb" but he is the focus of many of his mother, Catelyn's, chapters.  I did occasionally lose track of characters, like Tolkien everyone has like 5 names so it takes a while for me to merge the synonyms and figure out who is who.  I would like to go back to the...more
p2403
aVI am not really a fantasy reader, but this series was recommended, and I wanted a good long book to sink my teeth into.  I love historical fiction and it was good.  Until the very end when the dragons hatched.  That killed it for me and I won't be picking up the next ones.  I went from enjoying a very entertaining, feuding families, war planning, plotting, war brewing novel into one about semi successfully raising someone from the dead and hatching dragons from eggs who begin nursing from a human?  P...more
p2404
aVHaving read this book after watching the TV series, it felt baffling like a novelization. What a good job HBO did adapting it. It was almost a scene for scene transfer (with added gratuitous sex and freaky breast feeding). I think I'll probably read "A Clash of Kings" before the second season airs. (It starts April, 2012). With "Game of Thrones", a lot of the surprises didn't have any impact because I was expecting them.If I do have one criticism: it didn't have much of an internal story arc. Th...more
p2405
aVWhat a great start to a series.  The opening sequence of a series can be boring (Lord of the Rings) or thrilling (Star Wars) - thankfully, George RR Martin's first step in A Song of Ice and Fire definitely falls in the latter category.  The book is the very definition of voluminous, and it probably took me until the A Storm of Swords to really digest all of the factions and names and histories of the various parts of Westeros and the Free Cities, but once you do, the world seems to come alive on t...more
p2406
aVWhile having brunch with a friend of a friend who singing the praises of this series, I decided this book was just what the doctor ordered.Wow this book is well-written.  It is a cross between reality and fantasy and I love that!  It is an intense book--I like that.Reading books have seasons and the season was put on pause for me when the friend of the young princess was cruelly struck down and killed by a sword.  That haunted me to the core.  So I am still in mourning...I will return to this book a...more
p2407
aVI'm not usually into fantasy, but I absolutely loved this book/series.  Overuse of the word "loins" bumps it down to 4 stars.  But still well-worth reading. 
p2408
aV\u005ctMr. Martin hardly needs me to throw my hat into the ring and tell him what a good job he is doing. If you love epic fantasy (especially low fantasy) then you are going to enjoy this book. I find his prose very aptly put- there is enough description that is vivid and colorful without being verbose. Not that that makes the book any shorter.\u005ctParticularly I enjoyed the characters, each one unique enough that they are quite distinguishable from one another. At first I thought that the huge cast woul...more
p2409
aVHave you ever seen Boris Vallejo's fantasy calendar and its ilk (Google it if not)? The first time I saw one I found it hidden in my dad's undershirt drawer sometime in the 1980s. Someone had given it to him as a joke, and he didn't think its muscular and well-oiled yet nubile women (often bare chested, and golden-skinned, and wearing the barest of leather thongs), hunky long-haired hero dudes (also scantily clad) and grotesque creatures were fit for young eyes.The last scene of this book might...more
p2410
aVWhat to do, what to do? Recently got the "Song of ice and fire" books (well, first four, half price from Barnes and noble, part of an HBO promotion), also have the lesnman series (seven books) by E.E. "Doc" Smith, given to me by my friend Dave Gettemeyer, and also the "Darkness" series (six books), by Harry Turteldove, sort of a fantasy retelling of World War II, which includes dragons and all sorts of stuff (four of which were given to me by my friend Jef Faszholz, the rest from ebay and used b...more
p2411
aVThis one was a really long read. I usually love big books and chronicles that last for at least 10 long ones, but this one made me long for its ending. Was it even edited? It's full of long and boring details which hardly bring any richness to the story. People keep comparing this to Tolkien (and yes, sometimes Tolkien was extensive in his descriptions), but the world George Martin created is cold, evil and unconfortable. The Lord Of The Rings is a story about friendship, and travelling with Fro...more
p2412
aVIt would have been better to have read this before watching the series, but I must say, they did at least stick to the plot rather well. It dragged for me simply because I knew what was about to happen. However when I came to a part that must have been in an episode I missed I was drawn in to the story and wanted to see how it would twist and turn. Because my god does it twist and turn. If I had one mild criticism it is that keeping track of who is related to whom and who swears fealty to what h...more
p2413
aVBreathtaking. This book can stand as a popular textbook for Machiavellianism.  I loved the characters which are neither white nor black. The whole concept of changing POV's seems to be really proficient for the book; the stories of the characters meet in the right situations, giving the reader perfect opportunity to enjoy the complexity of their relationships and fates.  And another positive... fantasy books tend to have way to fantastic setting and overwhelming portion of wizardry. The world in t...more
p2414
aVKings and Queens, courtiers, knights, treachery, honour, dragons, battles and tournaments - a marvellous book which draws you into a vivid, magical, brutal and complex world in which summers and winters can last for years at a time. Starting in far northern Winterfell, the characters and the world they live in are skillfully and exquisitely drawn, and the politics and history of their cultures is detailed and convincing.I believed in the characters, and cared about what happened to them - and th...more
p2415
aVA friend of mine lent me this to read, saying "It's awesome, read it, you'll love it."  So I was like ok sure since I do enjoy long, epic, detailed stories and I like fantasy/sci fi settings for said stories.  I had no idea just how much I would love it.  Completely fell in love only a few chapters into it.  LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this book!!  So good!  I am officially hooked on Martin's creation.  I love the story, the characters, the whole thing.  Fantastic.  I plan on watching the rest of season 1 of the HB...more
p2416
aVSeriously, I loathe the fantasy genre.  I'm not sure why, maybe all that LOTR hype in the mid 2000's and the current Potter-mania.  Regardless, I LOVED GoT. I watched the first season before reading this book AND I wikipedia'd the book series before watching the final two episodes so I already knew what was going to happen. Mistake? Nope, it only made me want to watch and read MORE! And honestly, I think it was easier that way.  The author warns you about the details and details there are aplenty,...more
p2417
aVI have to say that I really do like this series... But I didn't at first. My hubby had asked me to read it for like a year. When I did finally start it I didn't much like how it flip flopped from one characters point of view to the next. He loved the series so much he decided to read it to me... well before I knew it I was really into it the plot & finished it myself. Then proceeded to go on to read the next three. I have asked many friends to read this, they to started off a bit rocky at fi...more
p2418
aVThis book is pretty smutty. I found myself offended by the portrayal and conversation surrounding women, despite the medieval-aged context. There were some strong female characters, but all of them were forced into submissive roles.I read this because it's big in popular culture and I wanted to see what the fuss was about. I find myself a bit more disturbed on the other side... the book is full of whoring, incest, rape, violence, sex, and misogeny. I will admit to a horrible fascination, but a l...more
p2419
aVThe first one is the best in the series, I think. The story is contained enough that the multiple narrators can keep the story moving; in the later books the plot branches so much it loses most of the narrative force. The fun fantasy details (the ways this world is different from ours) unfurl  gradually, without straight exposition. I think that was my favorite aspect of this book. In general Martin seems to have more respect for his readers than he does by #4 or 5, in which he seems to be writin...more
p2420
aVI read about half of this book in 2010 when I saw that there was going to be a TV show made out of it. I figured that the books would be amazing, since that's how fantasy novels end up getting TV spots, and usually the TV show is anywhere from bad to awful.This is the only book I have started reading (of my own volition) and not finished.I read 300ish of the 700ish pages. In that time, nothing happend. It was the most boring thing I have ever read. I even checked out the audiobook to see if that...more
p2421
aVI thought A Game of Thrones was a terrific book. It kept me interested throughout, despite the fact that it is so dense with information and detail. All of the different characters are round and complex, and are constantly showing new sides of themselves. Characters live and die, but it is not the kind of novel where you can predict a character's demise of see it coming. I also loved the way Martin created a full thousand years of history and a full array of places and people for a world that he...more
p2422
aVI don't normally like fantasy, but this one is hard to not like. It blends realistic elements such as kingdoms, tribes and life in the Middle Ages (or before) with horror. The author doesn't dwell too much in the horror aspect, but it's an underlying theme. It is manifested through weird creatures, weird weather, crazy people...There's something for everyone in this book: romance, devotion, family values, betrayal, coming of age, murder.I don't want to say too much, but I love this book. It's so...more
p2423
aVI realised half way through this book that I am more of a magic-pew-pew-fire-lightning-kablam guy than I am a who-will-rule-the-land-let's-argue-and-fight-all-the-time guy.  I can see that this book is tailored to more mature readers and not some small childhearts like myself.I rated it 3 stars because I found it enjoyable yet difficult to continue at times.Everytime I would pick up the book again and find a chapter of a character who I have not heard of in a while, I had already forgotten where...more
p2424
aV7,5/10Regalo mezza stellina a questo libro pensando ai suoi vicini di scaffale in libreria, per i quali le tre stelline sono magari un sei stiracchiato. Mi \u005cu00e8 piaciuto, pur senza entusiasmarmi alla follia come \u005cu00e8 successo ad altri. Lo stile non \u005cu00e8 privo di problemi, il principale dei quali \u005cu00e8 l'inforump, ma \u005cu00e8 generalmente buono e mostra quel che deve mostrare. L'approccio al genere \u005cu00e8 a mio parere l'unico sensato: realistico, con personaggi umani che si muovono in un mondo afflitto da problemi umani...more
p2425
aVAfter my husband blew through the first 4 books, I knew this was a good series, I just wasn't sure if fantasy was a genre I'd enjoy.  Then I saw the first season of the TV series and knew there would be so much more in the book.  Having a visual from the TV series to go with all of the characters may have helped me jump in a little easier than otherwise - there are quite a few lineages, as seen in the back of the book.  Although I do wonder what my mind would have put together without having seen t...more
p2426
aVI loved this entire series and I'm pretty sure that I'll be starting over from the beginning again soon.  The entire thing was captivating and so much better than the show (which is admittedly awesome).  Certain characters are just much better developed in the book though I must say I find Cersei infinitely more likeable on screen.  One complaint is that it has taken him 20 years to write the first five books and if you've seen pictures of this guy, you know there's reason to worry he may not live...more
p2427
aVI'd really give this 3.5 stars.I came to this series via the HBO show.  That's sort of backwards I know but I really enjoyed the show and I really enjoyed the book.  There's a few things that are different (obviously) but I found it to be fairly truthful to the book.  Maybe that's because of how I discovered them.  I don't understand why the show has Theon Grayjoy as such a bad guy (he's in the book but not very well fleshed out).  This must happen in later books that they are setting up for.I do get...more
p2428
aVI am generally not interested in fantasy, or in fact most of contemporary fiction, however as I liked HBO's adaption of Martin's series, I decided to give the books a go. So far, they have not disappointed; they are well written, have a spectacular set of characters, and even the magic is not that annoying. The use of various POV characters is a good solution as the action takes place in so many different locations simultaneously, it also gives different perspectives which in turn explains the a...more
p2429
aVThe Game of Thrones was an interesting book to say the least. To say the most, it was an enjoyable experience that managed to keep me interested from start to finish. The different viewpoints in the story helped in getting different perspectives on situations, and was a good way to tell of what was going on around the land due to previous actions in the book.Some of the characters could have been more fleshed out, however the main characters for the most part were enjoyable. I would recommend th...more
p2430
aVI have to admit, I completely dismissed this book/series/author when it was released. I though that Martin was simply another J. K. Rowling and that this was another series that would pander to the idea of gaining mass-market support. A few months ago I tried reading the first chapter and could never get past the first few pages. I don't know why, but I treated the television series much the same way, too. It took the insistence of several of my friends in order for me to really give it all a pr...more
p2431
aVI was pleasantly surprised with how eloquently this book is written. I am usually somewhat trepidatious when it comes to Fantasy fiction - for example Tolkien, where the writing is almost lyrical and reminiscent of an epic poem. But not only is Game of Thrones written well, I found it really comfortable to read! I am also completely in awe of George R.R. Martin and the sheer volume of PLOT he has created within his mind and translated onto the page. His characterisation is awesome and it's reall...more
p2432
aVSi j\u005cu2019en suis arriv\u005cu00e9e \u005cu00e0 la lecture du Tr\u005cu00f4ne de fer, c\u005cu2019est parce que j\u005cu2019en ai vu la premi\u005cu00e8re saison t\u005cu00e9l\u005cu00e9vis\u005cu00e9e. Ah ce bon vieux Sean Bean, incarnant un Eddard Stark plus vrai que nature. Dommage que la propension \u005cu00e0 mourir de ses personnages lui vaille une fin tout aussi atroce que Boromir dans \u005cu201cLe Seigneur des Anneaux\u005cu201c. Oh mais zut, je vous ai spoil\u005cu00e9 ? Cela m\u005cu2019\u005cu00e9tonnerait ;)Quoiqu\u005cu2019il en soit, c\u005cu2019est pour vous parler du bouquin que j\u005cu2019ai commenc\u005cu00e9 \u005cu00e0 \u005cu00e9crire cette critique. Si vous avez aim\u005cu00e9 la s\u005cu00e9rie tv ou...more
p2433
aVThis is a fantastic introduction to the series, which does tend to wane a bit by book seven. It's fantastically written, hideously dark and verges on perverted at times. Taking all of that together, it's a very entertaining read and the characters are well-rounded. The only serious criticism I have of this book is on the prologue. It ought to be a terrifying scene that sets up the rest of the series and instils and fear of white walkers, but the first time I read it cold I found myself strugglin...more
p2434
aVDifficult...how do I articulate my feelings after completing this first book?  I was blindsighted by the brutality, raw, graphic sex and the dark, bleak and depressing storyline.  Was the plot compelling?  Yes.  Were the number of characters confusing?  Absolutely.  Was I engaged at the beginnning?  Indeed.  Will I continue to read the series?  No.  I read often for escape or to learn a deeper insight or understanding of human nature, history, etc.  This novel overwhelmed me with the baser side of human na...more
p2435
aVI really liked this book, it was well written and well paced. It is amazing that Martin was able to write a book with so many protagonists and make you care about what happens to them. I'm still sore about Eddard Stark btw, didn't see it coming!I wish the world was a little more woman-friendly though, I mean a world where a 9 year summer is considered perfectly normal, but  the people can't get their heads around women having any agency? The only people who seem to value their women as people are...more
p2436
aVI absolutely adored A Game of Thrones.  The world created by Martin is astounding....the characters, the landscape...hard to match.  What an amazing author. But, although this is a wonderfully written book I attempted to continue this series....hoping that it would be a little less depressing, only to find myself frustrated.  Though as far as I know one of my favorite characters (Jon Snow) is alive and well....I tired of connecting with characters only to have them perish, I don't think I could han...more
p2437
aVI picked up this book after seeing and falling in love with the HBO series; the books are even better.  GOT is complicated reading - lots of complexities, lots of characters, and lots of different, competing story lines - but I think that's one of the reasons why I love it so much.  I generally tend to read a book first before I will watch any TV show or movie based on that book, but I found that season 1 followed the book very closely, and having the picture of each character already in my head h...more
p2438
aVI don\u005cu2019t have HBO, so all of the \u005cu201cGame of Thrones\u005cu201d fever that has gone around in recent years (associated with the series) has passed me by.  But recently, caught up in a temporary wave of interest in things knightly and medieval, I decided to give the novel a try.  It was not disappointing.This book is actually the first in an as yet unfinished series titled \u005cu201cA Song of Ice and Fire\u005cu201c. It takes place in a fictional world that will remind readers greatly of a smaller version of Europe.  There are many...more
p2439
aVOh My God! Holy Crap! My new obsession....I haven't been this excited about a book in a long time. This book is amazing and from what I understand it gets better as it goes. I was skeptical about the series because it's now an HBO show, but even that is great and 95% true to the book. The only problem with the book is that it's very long and extremely addictive, so I've been putting off the other books on my to-read list!What I liked the most is that even though it's fantasy, the story reads mor...more
p2440
aVOne of my new all time favorite books. My new baby.  I don\u005cu2019t know if I\u005cu2019ll like the whole series but I\u005cu2019m sure A Clash of Kings is one of the next books I\u005cu2019ll read. The only complaint I have about this book is that it takes you a while to get trough. There is at least 700 pages in each book (and for example A Dance with Dragons has over a thousand, WHAT) and somehow it\u005cu2019s reads slower than other books I\u005cu2019ve read. I don\u005cu2019t know why, maybe the structure of the sentences or simply because it\u005cu2019s an adult b...more
p2441
aVDue to numerous recommendations and the popularity of the TV show, I decided to pick up A Game of Thrones. I didn't really know what to expect at first, but despite pretty much every character being the main character, I grew to really enjoy the book. If I had a complaint though, it would be a rant against Martin's willingness to kill or cripple my favorite characters. I was a little surprised, I'll admit when he killed off Eddard Stark. I was under the impression that he would be THE central ch...more
p2442
aVThis was an intense book about the 7 kingdoms and their fight for the throne. It centers around the Stark family of Winterfell. Each chapter is about one of the family members.  It's a brutal time and the book is full of death and cruel punishments and they killed off one of my favorite folks 90% in. It is war and about the life and sacrifices made by son's, brother's, wife's and husband's. It is a fight for the throne hard to see the 'good' guys from the 'bad' at times.  It's a long book but the...more
p2443
aVI actually listened to about 75 percent of Game of Thrones as an audiobook and should probably review it separately. It's one of the most addicting audiobooks I've ever listened to, second to Harry Potter. After finding myself making excuses to drive around just to listen, I bought the book. I also watched the HBO series in time with my reading. I found the HBO series a bit campy but equally addicting. The book is a splendid pleasure read, well-paced, frequent twists and turn, thick with plots a...more
p2444
aVI decided to read (listen) to this after watching the first season of the tv show. I was really impressed with how well the show follows the book. So well that I may commit a cardinal sin in the book world and just wait to watch the show and not read the books (I know, I know). The story is just so good but so intense that I don't know if I can handle how many hours it takes to get through the darn things. Watching the show will be like ripping off a band-aid, but in a good way. My husband has a...more
p2445
aV1st book read on my new sony prs-t1 ereader!! (yea i wanted a kobo so bad but santa had other plans... sony never could build an interface to save their lives, a matte frame would have been nice too... I digress. At least it reads well.)Love this book!! Was on the edge of my seat the whole time! Well crafted plot, love the story being told through the interconnected eyes of only a few strong characters. Beautiful twists and turns, some predictable and some not, enough to keep you pleasantly (som...more
p2446
aVMy brother suggested this book (pretty much the entire Song of Ice and Fire series) to me years ago.  I finally found space in my reading queue for this first book, and that's when I realized it was the book that the new HBO series was based on.  Of course, by that point, it was impossible to get a copy, so I had to wait another 6 months or so before it was my turn to get it from my local library.  I'll say this: it was worth the wait.  Martin has an incredibly complex world created here, and a stro...more
p2447
aVI read this because my uber-book reading friend Marla mentioned it, and I had nothing else to read.They had me at the direwolf pup finding.  This is not my usual reading material--I am not a big fantasy buff, never read Lord of the Rings or anything similar--but I have to say this was a pretty compelling read.  Compelling enough that I'll probably read the whole series just to find out what happens to some of the very interesting characters in the book.  I am impressed with the creative imagination...more
p2448
aVI read this book as a reccomendation from a trusted friend, I did enjoy it but did need to read the first few chapters more than a couple of times to take in all the information. After reading it I thought it was overrated but worth a go and would have given it a 3 star rating, now being half way through the next of the series (a clash of kings) I appreciate a lot more what the writer achived with this novel as a piece just to set the story.  Well worth a read but remember that it is just a stor...more
p2449
aVI must admit, it was the HBO TV series that got me interested in reading this series.  The TV series was amazing.  I wonder if I would have liked this book more or less had I not seen the series first.  Be that as it may, the reading was easy for me, because I had a cast of charcters to visually refer to everytime Martin mentioned their names.  I will say this, though - HBO nailed it.  The televised portrayals, in my opinion, far outweigh their novel counterparts.  Tyrion, Jon Snow, Ned, the lot were...more
p2450
aVRe-reading. I may get to A Dance with Dragons sometime before the end of the year, maybe.Spent most of my time reading this comparing it to the tv series, and still didn't manage to spot 1) Ned's pointed conversation with someone about Jon and 2) Renly and Loras, which I don't think happens in the books at all. There's supposed to be a mention of them together somewhere, but I missed it, I guess.I had forgotten exactly how high the bodycount was in the first book, though (even with the show's re...more
p2451
aVOne of the most exciting book I've ever read so far. The interesting thing is that I wouldn't even notice the existence of A Song of Ice and Fire were it not for the HBO series. This saga is the first real fantasy one I'm reading, apart from Harry Potter, and I think my attitude to fantasy books has also changed with reading A Game of Thrones.What I've found prominent was the way subplots are handled and that each character has its traits and never does anything that wouldn't be attributed to th...more
p2452
aVFantasy books are not a genre that I normally read on a regular basis. Lord of the Rings was probably the last real fantasy book that I read. This book, however, puts fantasy into a whole new light.Not only are the characters great in this story, but so are the many plot lines that are all converging on one another. Normally in a story you get excited when you have a really strong plot, but this book has so many things going on that you feel like you are walking closer and closer towards a super...more
p2453
aVWell, I stayed up until almost 2am on a work night to finish this, so obviously I was finding it to be a page-turner by the end.  However, it was strictly an, "I'm curious to see what happens," thing, which is different for me from feeling really moved by or engaged with a book.  It was kind of like when you see a reasonably decent middling-quality movie with an intricate plot and you become interested in seeing how the various threads wind up, but you still don't really feel invested in the story...more
p2454
aVIt is amazing how well Martin ties together so many details and so many different players. This story is set in an alternate reality complete with folklore/mythical creatures and a quasi-fairy tale feel. There are similarities to King Arthur and other stories of valor and warring kingdoms. It includes enough action, adventure, intrigue, and treason to appeal to most genres. The characters are written well and true. Martin is not afraid to break the mold of acceptable plots. He kills anyone and a...more
p2455
aVI actually read this in college during my restful last semester and at the time was unimpressed. I think I was looking for more of a "thinking" book in the genre. I picked it up again and really fell into things once I knew the type of story I was going to get. What I love about this book (and a common fan insight to the story) is that each character doesn't necessarily fall in either the "good" or "bad" camp. The multiple perspectives that the story is told in is interesting in itself, you can'...more
p2456
aVSuperbly executed and mind-numbingly complex character study set in a low-magic fantasy world.  Martin's world is so incredibly detailed, and his characters so intricate and complex, one is reminded of the care and attention that Tolkien put into his work.  Indeed, in time Martin may be considered Tolkien's worthiest heir (if Patrick Rothfuss -Name of the Wind, Wise Man's Fear (2011) ) doesn't really get on the ball and beat him to the throne to sit at The Master's feet.  Soon to be an HBO miniseri...more
p2457
aVI found it to be a page-turner, right up until the end.  The end is also a page-turner - there's no resolution!  I mean, I realize that it's part of a series, but there's no resolution at all.  We're left in the middle of a war with new enemies just coming onto the scene!  There is no hint as to what will happen - who will win, who will lose.  You don't even know who will die (after one of the main characters is killed off).After such an investment of time, I want some kind of resolution for the char...more
p2458
aVNon-specific spoiler (whatever)I normally enjoy fantasy books but I can't get into this series and I've tried--a few times.  I don't really know what iti sthat I don't like about it either because I like the setting I like the intrigue the action is good.  It has all the elements of a great fantasy but something about it just doesn't work for me.  I think it is the fact that Martin sets up the Stark family as an ideal family--honourable, noble etc and then makes a point of dissecting them.  Somethin...more
p2459
aVA few thoughts about this book.1) I didn't really feel that the overarching plot of this story was all that engaging. At the end of the day, I still don't care who sits on the Iron Throne. What I care about is avenging the Stark Family.2) Way, way too much incest, rape, etc in the book that doesn't add to the story. It's doesn't really serve too much of a purpose in telling the story, and my clinician's brain is telling me to be concerned that the author is sexually acting out in this book.3) Th...more
p2460
aVWell, that was terrific.  Inspired by the shows and some positive comments from friends, I took a crack at the books.  I've heard Tolkien (also unread) described as ponderous and slow, and Martin as worse.  Although I understand that the 4th and 5th books were rough for a lot of folks, I found this a total pleasure.  While aware of the book's length, the only (short) part that drug for me was the entry into the Vale.  So far I've raced through the book as fast as my lifestyle will permit, and expect...more
p2461
aVA Game of Thrones captured me from the very beginning.  It's a mixture of medieval history, fantasy, politics, intrigue and greed.  Then the story is told through a fantastic group of characters from high born to low born.  The fact that the author can keep so many characters straight and give them all such colorful stories is a testament to his brilliance as a writer.  I read the first five books ( I think I listened to an audible version of one) one right after the other.  Now I can't wait for the...more
p2462
aVScope. That's all I can say. With so many layers, stories, subplots and characters the book that good and still comprehensible shouldn't exist. Yet it does. And it's great. Riveting tale of corruption, power and consequences set in a dark fantasy world (thankfully without stupid artifacts and faggoty elves). But "Game of Thrones" is not as much about story as it is about the characters and consequently the way it is told. The greater picture unfolds before you as you sink into stories of the Sta...more
p2463
aVThere are a lot of fantasy fans on both sides of this fence.  They either really love this series or hate it.  All you have to do is look at the comment fights going on in any highly ranked review of these books to figure that out.  Now, many of these reviews are valid, many are written by fans jumping on the "game of thrones" popularity train, and some are by fantasy fans who (for lack of a better term I'm stealing one The Literary Man did a blog post about) have decided that George R.R. Martin is...more
p2464
aVWhile something dark and dangerous begins to form outside the wall, a power struggle between the reigning Lannisters and the Starks of Winterfell causes a distraction from the danger.  No one is safe in the \u005cu201cgame of thrones,\u005cu201d as the Lannisters will do anything to maintain their hold on it.  Hopefully they can sort it all out soon enough, because winter is coming, and it\u005cu2019s going to be bad.\u005cu2022\u005ctExtreme language\u005cu2022\u005ctSexual situations, moderately explicit, including incest\u005cu2022\u005ctViolence\u005cu2022\u005ctLikeable characters\u005cu2014the...more
p2465
aVThis was an excellent book with a great story line and well developed characters. The author was able to create the characters in a way that you loved them and cheered them on or you hated them and hoped they were killed off at some point. I have read all the books in this series (there are five) and was enjoying them but by about the 4th book I was ready for the story to be done. It feels like the story is dragging on indefinitely. I figured the 5th book would tie things up and that would be it...more
p2466
aVI knew I'd made a big mistake when I read the first page of A Game of Thrones.  The story was so engrossing from the beginning, I knew I'd be reading the series.  I'm not normally a fan of fantasy, but Martin combines his fantasy with an almost historical setting (there are knights in shining armor, but not the kind you think; there are no dragons, but there are dragon eggs).  I like the way the author focuses each chapter on a different character.  He separates the story lines and gives us differen...more
p2467
aVWowzers!This book and all of its glorious pages underscored my life\u005cu2019s true priorities. I\u005cu2019ve done little else the last two days of my life but read this book. And I loved every minute of it. A Game of Thrones is not a new story. It has all the usual stuff: glutinous yet affable king, his noble and righteous yet ultimately naive right hand, the treacherous and rapacious queen, a wickedly intelligent yet undesirable castoff with a witty tongue, a rough and tumble young girl who yearns to don a swor...more
p2468
aVThey say that you can't judge a book by its cover, or its movie; perhaps that includes TV series as well, and although I have to say that the book was better than the TV show, both were excellent.I watched the series first - not the way I usually prefer to do it - so that the characters from the TV show then filled the pages of the book, but I was surprised to find that Robb Stark and John Snow are only 14, and Daenerius Targarian is only 13 at the beginning of the book.If you play the game of t...more
p2469
aVI got this book on my nook where it was 790 pages.  I hung in there b/c I don't like to leave books without finishing them.  This book finally got good about 400 pages in and really good a hundred pages later.  That is asking a lot of readers to read before making something worthwhile.Also, I did not like the story line beginning as if the story had been going along for quite a while--characters are introduced in a whirlwind manner. Intorductory material would have helped and increased overall enjo...more
p2470
aV\u005cu0423\u005cu043d\u005cu0448\u005cu0430\u005cu0430\u005cu0434 \u005cu04af\u005cu0437\u005cu044d\u005cu0445 \u005cu0445\u005cu044d\u005cu0440\u005cu044d\u005cu0433\u005cu0442\u005cu044d\u005cu0439! \u005cu042f\u005cu0430\u005cu0433\u005cu0430\u005cu0430\u005cu0434 \u005cu0433\u005cu044d\u005cu0432\u005cu044d\u005cu043b \u005cu044d\u005cu043d\u005cu044d \u005cu0437\u005cu043e\u005cu0445\u005cu0438\u005cu043e\u005cu043b\u005cu0434 \u005cu041c\u005cu043e\u005cu043d\u005cu0433\u005cu043e\u005cu043b \u005cu04af\u005cu043d\u005cu0434\u005cu044d\u005cu0441\u005cu0442\u005cu043d\u005cu0438\u005cu0439 \u005cu0443\u005cu043b\u005cu0430\u005cu043c\u005cu0436\u005cu043b\u005cu0430\u005cu043b, \u005cu0441\u005cu043e\u005cu0451\u005cu043b \u005cu0431\u005cu0430\u005cu0433\u005cu0430\u005cu0445\u005cu0430\u005cu043d \u005cu0447 \u005cu0433\u005cu044d\u005cu0441\u005cu044d\u005cu043d \u005cu0442\u005cu0443\u005cu0441\u005cu0433\u005cu0430\u005cu0433\u005cu0434\u005cu0441\u005cu0430\u005cu043d \u005cu0431\u005cu0430\u005cu0439\u005cu0434\u005cu0430\u005cu0433.So, first of all I should mention that I was not a big fan of Epic Fantasy/High Fantasy, at all.BUT this book is different. It was just amazing, but could have been shorter... Oh well, I enjoyed it anyway. And you should know that this one is a twisted and messed up story. But you'll like it.One thing I noticed is that the Dothraki people reminded me of my own kind, sort of. The simil...more
p2471
aVIf Game of Thrones and, by extension, the entire A Song of Ice and Fire series are to be praised for anything, it is Martin's deft and subtle approach to characterisation. His ensemble cast of bastards, dwarves, Kings, Queens, lords and evil shits is managed through multiple perspectives and benefits from a constantly shifting moral centre that makes the political intrigue that permeates all levels of society in Westeros gleam with ambiguity.I'd recommend this book to all readers and not only th...more
p2472
aVI have actually taken a liking to the work, it is pleasantly written, filled with vivid imagery, and seems to follow the traditional formula one would come to expect of a Fantasy Novel. I was actually very impressed, and I'm willing to say this book may not be enjoyable for every reader, but I think very highly of it. There could be more content to the individual characters, but the quality of the story is indisputable in my eyes. It brings you into a different world of unknown, magic, myth, and...more
p2473
aVHoly crap,  I loved this book.  I'm not much of a fantasy geek but this book blew me away.  Martin's prose is impressive in its detail,  his characters grow and change as the book's events unfold, and the plot creeps along and gains momentum until the very last page.The main fault I find with the book is that the events seem to crawl along at a snail's pace until late in the story.  That's mainly because there are so many characters,  castles,  cities,  creatures and customs to lay out.  And Martin spare...more
p2474
aVAt first it was confusing to try and sort out who was who, despite the family charts in the back of the book.  But, after the first handful of "chapters" this gave way as I was sucked right into the story.  Game of Thrones takes place in another world/time period (don't think aliens though) where summer has reigned for years but the threat of winter and the signs that it is coming is increasing.  Men guard the walls of the kingdom and lords fight openly and covertly angle for power as many seek the...more
p2475
aVHigh fantasy is a difficult genre to write well. Since J.R.R. Tolkien changed the writing scene, the genre typically feels like Lord of the Rings fanfiction. It's hard not to take a cue from a master, after all. George R. R. Martin writes in this tradition, but deliberately seeks to distance himself from the brand of black and white heroism the genre deals in. The world of A Game of Thrones is bleak and brutal. The label of fantasy can only be sparsely implied. While there is a presence of fanta...more
p2476
aVTeam Daenerys!
p2477
aVThe fantasy genre includes a variety of flavors.  If your favorite flavor is "Harry Potter" (which many would argue is actually NOT a Scifi/fantasy novel - including my husband who loves both) then Game of Thrones will likely leave a horrible taste in your mouth.  Also, I'm not very familiar with any of the current fantasy authors or their style, so my expectation were set on the first season of the HBO show.I didn't realize how much I would hate the Lannisters in this book and how quickly I would...more
p2478
aVI have wanted to read this book ever since watching the fantastic series on HBO.  George RR Martin has been called the AMerican Tolkien and after watching the series I can see why.  I never read a book after watching a show but in this case I am making an exception because the material is that good!----To follow up on this comment now that the book is finished.  For the first time reading a book after watching a show or a movie, in this case it still was a good experience.  The show stuck to the boo...more
p2479
aVMeh.  I'm always a sucker for fantasy novels where there are whole new made-up languages and cultures to discover, but frankly the whole time I was reading this I just felt like I wanted to be re-reading LOTR.  Martin has a ton of writing quirks that he indulges that drive me CRAZY.  Every single time he describes a woman brushing her hair (he talks about this a lot, disturbingly), he's like "she brushed it until her hair shone like silk / silver / rubies / whatever the heck."  Seriously a variation...more
p2480
aVVery engaging, very hard to put down.  I'm rather unhappy about being in position 36 on the library reserve list for the next installment.In retrospect, though, I'm not entirely sure why I enjoyed this book so much.  I don't know which of Martin's many characters I'm rooting for; the one I found most sympathetic is the dwarf Tyrion Lannister, deformed, intelligent, and loyal brother of the primary antagonists.  I do feel a bit invested in the fortunes of the Stark family (protagonists), and I look...more
p2481
aVGood vacation read but definitely not literary-scale. Some parts can be a bit off-putting, mainly in the treatment of women characters, but as this book is a pseudo-medieval fantasy work, said treatment is, unfortunately, expected. Martin has a vivid imagination and definitely builds an intricate world, but some of his writing leaves a lot to be desired. There are occasionally awkward sentences with some sentence structures leaving the reader a bit confused as to who was doing what. But, like I...more
p2482
aVVery plot driven, not difficult to keep the wide array of characters straight.  I felt the characters acted in a predictable, archetypal fashion as portrayed by popular medieval-style literature (e.g. wanton wench, filial dweeb, bloodthirsty powermonger) without a lot of insight into people's inner moral compasses or motivations.  Also, I felt like the names and words which were obviously heavily borrowed from British Isles heritage were mispelyd just to be eunuch.  Unique.  Ser (sir, sire), Marq, P...more
p2483
aVThis was a great 350 page book.  Too bad the author added another 600 or so unnecessary pages to the story. Long winded, slow to get to the point.  By the end of the book, most of the characters have been killed off, and despite everything, you still don't feel like anything was accomplished.   I recommend watching the show on HBO, it cuts out a lot of the needless blah blah blah. The only reason I finished the book was because I had already invested so much time in it, and I was convinced that some...more
p2484
aVEpic fantasyDark fantasyAdultPoliticsIt was a little hard to remember all the names at first but once I did the plot was non-stop!
p2485
aVI finally finished reading this book, I've been slacking in my reading lately, and it felt like I started this book ages ago(probably did),  but I really enjoyed this book, despite is length. This book is very well written, the story is quite good, and the development of characters is so awesome (despite the huge quantity of the characters) :D seriously sometimes I couldn't keep with all the names.I hope I can read faster the next book on this series because, WINTER IS COMING!I am not reading thi...more
p2486
aVIf you've seen the first series on TV you pretty much know how Game of Thrones goes. Lots of men charging about the Seven Kingdoms, Ned (and his wife) making increasingly poor decisions while still revered as a great leader, Sansa every bit as irritating and selfish as on screen, Queen Cersei as nasty and cruel. All the same characters are there and it is clear that the TV adaptation stuck as close as it could to the original. That said, the book has more to give than the adaptation. You underst...more
p2487
aVA Song of Ice and Fire is not for the faint of heart.  It contains serious adult themes and content.  That being said, I think that George R.R. Martin is a fantastic storyteller.  The plot of the series is outstanding in its twists, turns, and unpredictability.  The characters are realistic in that most are not black and white, all good or all bad (though a few are).  In a lot of ways the fantasy side of the story is muted, in a tasteful way.  The magic and theology remains shrouded in mystery to the...more
p2488
aVAn ancient wall in the barren North, up on it's heights men are patrolling, cloaks drawn tightly around them against the biting, bitter chill. They are lonely. Fearful. Always watching and waiting. This is the end of their world. What lies beyond? No one can be sure.This isn't the wall in George R. R. Martin's brilliant 'Game of Thrones' I'm referring to. This is Antonine's Wall, built by a Roman emperor 1800 years ago to keep the Pictish tribes in the north of Britain at bay, and it passes lite...more
p2489
aVGeorge R. R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire is perhaps the most highly regarded series in "high fantasy" next to Lord of the Rings. After several friends began reading the series and informed me of how good it was, I couldn't help myself from snagging the audiobook and listening.For starters, you should know that there's a lot going on in this book, if the page count didn't make that clear enough. There's always about 5 plotlines running simultaneously and it can be hard to follow who's who par...more
p2490
aVMy intention was to read this before watching the HBO series.  Things did not work out that way.  I sort-of watched the show with my husband, which made me want to pick up the book.  I was amazed as I was reading at how faithfully HBO represented the book.  Unfortunately, that took away from my reading experience.  I enjoyed the story and characters but it was very long and sometimes tedious.  George R. R. Martin said recently in Entertainment Weekly that he may have put "too many balls in the air"  an...more
p2491
aVThis one took me awhile, but was well worth it. Martin has been called the American Tolkien and, from the complex world and multitude of characters he's created, it's easy to see why. I read the book because clips from the HBO series intrigued me. Now, I am definitely going to have to check it out. My only complaint is in regards to some of Martin's character development. He does a great job with the main characters but his brief mention of the numerous supporting cast had me re-reading sections...more
p2492
aVI gave this book a 2 only because I couldn't give it a 1 1/2.  I was really looking forward to this book especially after watching the first few eposides of the HBO show but I struggled with book from the very beginning.I started it and read a few pages and I just couldn't wrap my head around it.  I thought maybe I needed to be in a different frame of mind so I thought I'd try again and I did make it further, more than 1/2 through the book, but just couldn't make myself read more and I'm very disa...more
p2493
aVSo far I like the story, but I did get a little bored at times and had to push myself to read it.  I never did get sucked in so I really feel like this deserves a 3.5 rating rather than a 4 star rating, but it is truly well written and has some interesting characters.  I wish there were more honorable characters in this book - I was frustrated with the lack of integrity amoung everyone other than the Stark family.  Basically everyone besides them is a murderer or rapist.The one thing I absolutely h...more
p2494
aVI got this book from the library because I wanted to read it before I watched the series on HBO. Fantasy books were a staple of my childhood library, but it's been a long time since I've read one. I wasn't expecting much from this. The first hundred pages or so I found very confusing. It was challenging to say the least to figure what was going on as the story jumped from character to character, but once I got all the characters sorted out in my head, it became very enjoyable and I didn't want t...more
p2495
aVNormally fantasy novels leave me cold. But this book and this series so far have been fantastic. Great heroes, hiss worthy villains, background characters that are interesting enough to have their own book, twists and turns and a compelling story make this a very strong book. Having each chapter be from the view point of a different character works very well to the overall story and I found on more than one occasion I would go into a chapter not really caring about that character's storyline as...more
p2496
aVI cannot apologise for A Game of Thrones! This is a book that got me: courtly intrigue, scary things beyond the wall, the promise of dragons! Yes, there's a lot of questionable material in here, but it goes with the territory. Here, at least, Martin does not seem to be turned on by the sexually charged scenes, although he does unfortunately twice refer to a woman's vagina as "her sex", which has always been tacky.I might go more into this later, but seriously what got me most about this was how...more
p2497
aVI wavered between four and five stars, but settled on four for a few reasons. First off, this is a phenominal book. It is one of the best epic fantasy books I have read in years and I thoroughly enjoyed it. I learned about it from my brother telling me about this HBO show they were doing, and it's been wonderful reading along with the series. I am pleased -- which, if you know me, is saying a lot -- with how true they are staying to the script. But that's the show, not the book. This is a wide-r...more
p2498
aVThis is a review of the Audible audiobook edition.Honestly, the book probably rates at 4 stars for me: it is an excellent, "Sopranos" style melodrama set in a fantasy medival realm complete with sex, violence, honor, and wonderful descriptions of cultures, peoples, and philosophies. All this is great, but it's not my very favorite type of work, even if I find it very entertaining and engaging. But the sheer quality of the reading by Roy Dotrice is spell binding. He voices over 80 characters in t...more
p2499
aVOkay, I will admit it: I am a high fantasy snob. I am one of those people who generally compares all novels within this sub-genre to the work of the linguist and literary genius - J.R.R. Tolkien, and, as such, usually find all other work substantially lacking in content, character depth and overall believability. That being said, I have made the conscious decision to steer clear of this sub-genre lest I end up throwing a book against a wall or worse. That all changed when I saw the a preview for...more
p2500
aVI thought that Martin did a great job on this book.  The characters are deep and complex, the story is entertaining and novel, I love the political twists and turns, as well as the betrayal, and the battle scenes are well written and exciting.Ned Stark and Jon Snow were great and memorable characters, and even the Lannister family are deep and intriguing although at times despicable.  The growth of the children besides their direwolves was very interesting.  Even the supporting cast feels real and...more
p2501
aVI wish I could give this book 4 stars.   I really do.  I loved the character development and the way the plot tumbled its way through crazy twists and turns.  It really is well written.  However, I have a few qualms with this book.  A) WAY too many sex scenes.  At first I justified it by saying "well, at least they don't last more than a sentence or two", but they just kept coming - especially during the chapters with Daernys (sp?) as the POV.  Enough to make me a little uncomfortable, I'll be honest.2...more
p2502
aVFantastic. A truly great novel, fantasy or otherwise. The characters are diverse and enthralling and the plot is unpredictable in the best sort of way. At times you'll find yourself thinking you know what's going to happen, but in all likelihood you'll be wrong and it's not because the plot twists are illogical or arbitrary, but because you're predictions likely won't be involved enough. It is a complete and complex world we're introduced to through a dozen or so characters with their own, often...more
p2503
aVThe chapters are organized around different character points of view.  I enjoyed that as  mechanic to understand what is going on in this vast chess game.  However, there were some character story lines that I did not enjoy, luckily they didn't take up too much space in this 800+ page tome.  Having been interested in heraldry as a child, I found the meticulous and disciplined description of each person's crest and banner to be pleasing.  The story is long and as I notice one that will not fit in one...more
p2504
aVHave to admit, I like the show better than the books. Maybe that's sacrilegious or whatever, but I think the story plays better on screen than in print. The descriptions of places and tasks are long drawn out where as the descriptions of people are extremely vague. That bugs the hell out of me, I'd much prefer it the other way around. As for the story itself, I love it. It's the perfect medieval soap opera with a host of awesome characters. My favorite is probably Daenerys. She's strong willed a...more
p2505
aVBefore I start this review I have to admit I avoid the 'Sci-fi fantasy' section in bookstores like the plague. That could be the reason that this series passed me by, yes its popular enough for HBO to make a tv series and somewhere in the back of my mind I must have seen them but until I saw the beautiful Sean Beam as Ned on the front of a book MONTHS ago I didn't buy one. Months ago I bought this book, months and months it's been sat on my 'to read' shelf and by the 200th page I knew I had to b...more
p2506
aVI've read the book.  I've watched the HBO series three times (with and without commentary).  But it was still worth it to listen to this audiobook.  Roy Dotrice does a fine job at getting through over 33 hours of reading (and the octogenarian went on to do the next four books as well!).  Oh, sure, there are a few pronunciation glitches here and there (and I don't think "Petyr" should be spoken as "Pa-tire"), but overall it's a heroic effort.  Dotrice gives gravitas to all of the world-shaking events,...more
p2507
aVThere is a hole in my life since I finished reading this series. Cannot wait til the 6th of the series is released. Lets get one thing straight here. You'll love it or you'll hate it. There is no grey area. An author with an imagination like you wouldn't believe. Martin has you wanting to live in this incredible multi faceted world he has constructed and the characters, devious in ways that you can't help but love to hate them. AMAZING!! The typical leads show up and the anti heroes of course bu...more
p2508
aVI would like to first say that \u005cu201cGame of Thrones\u005cu201d barely met my \u005cu201cfantasy\u005cu201d criteria for the science fiction fantasy genre. I got tossed some mysterious possible snow samurai, and some zombies. It was not until the book\u005cu2019s close that I caught a glimpse true fantasy as opposed to a book set in medieval times. I would also acknowledge and frown upon author George R.R. Martin\u005cu2019s view of women in his book\u005cu2019s universe, and agree that the writing is repetitive, overdrawn, and somewhat all over the place at...more
p2509
aVFantasy is kind of like a spouse, someone I feel like I've been happily married to for several years. As is the case with any healthy marriage (and most of the unhealthy ones, too) time has made fantasy & I very familiar with one another...but even though I love her very much, some of fantasy's annoying little habits are really starting to grind my gears.Such is NOT the case with A Game of Thrones.Admittedly, I heard of the show before I heard of the book (I know in more erudite readers' cir...more
p2510
aVGripping plot, even if it did take half the book (400 pages - a book in its own right) to get really good. In fact, I almost put it down a half dozen times in the first 250 pages. The characters were well-done, but I didn't feel I could really make an empathic connection with most of them. The emotional tone of it really fell flat for me, even if the twists and turns of the plot were so well strategized. The writing was also fairly simple and at times fairly immature. Crass even, and unnecessari...more
p2511
aVNeedless to say, a good book. I'm fascinated by the fact that dare I say it - the film adaptation of this was pretty darn accurate. Was wasn't portrayed properly (chauvinistic director or play-write, perhaps?) was the feminine strength interwoven into the story. For every powerful man in all of the high-born families, there is a woman reigning in the background.  The Starks have Catalyn, and Sansa and Arya seem to be well on their way, in their own ways.  The Arryns have Lysa, and as nuts as she i...more
p2512
aVThis is a great read!  I listened to it on an audio book.  The characters in the story are strong, weak, real.  They draw you in and I find myself rooting for their plight...or their demise!  The book is full of sex, violence and death!!  I loved it!  It is one of the best fiction books that I have read in a long time.  The story is about kings, lords, and battles for power and of a great winter to come.  The story jumps between different characters and families in the realm.  Although considered high fa...more
p2513
aVI had very mixed feelings with this book.  I loved reading about the Starks (except for Sansa), Jon Snow, the dire wolves, and the Night's Watch on the Wall.  I loathed the whole Daenerys Targaryen story.  That section and much to do with the Lannisters left me feeling like I was being tortured.  Instead of using a Hitchcock type of approach to build tension and suspense, the author went into graphic detail of violence, rape, and sex that made me want to throw the book across the room.  I probably wo...more
p2514
aVI did not expect to like this book. Saw the show...was interesting, but too gore-y and gratuitous sex....book? Good! Completely surprised....I thought I would get lost in all of the characters and the geek-ness. Yeah. Long time since I curled up and read a book...and didn't run around doing necessary things. The book is about a world--- with dragons, knights, wolves, fighting, castles....all the stuff that fill daydreams. And then good characters...and good dialog. There is good and bad. and evi...more
p2515
aVThis was recommended to me by several friends.  I will definitely continue reading the series.  It's sort of Lord of the Rings meets Anne McCaffrey meets British History. The story circulates among 6-10 main characters which seemed like a lot, but after the first short chapter or two I figured out who everyone was (with the help of the character list in the back of the book :)).  I wasn't exactly thrilled when my then 15 year old picked this up over the summer.  There are frequent steamy parts.  But,...more
p2516
aVThese books are huge undertakings- set aside a good month to read it. I normally blow through books but these are thousand pagers with tiny writing. The stories and characters are so developed you find yourself skipping ahead to find out what happens to your favorites. Each chapter is written from a different characters point of view which keeps it interesting and the read stays engaged. Now a show on HBO- check it out! They definitely do the books justice! If you're already watching the show I...more
p2517
aVIt took me a loooooooong time to get into this story. Like, five hundred pages! I just couldn't keep all the characters straight, and I hated the author's "kreatyve" spelling. Drove me nuts! But, all negatives aside, the story did eventually draw me in. He really draws a vivid picture of the fantasy world, time, place, climate, families. I started watching the HBO series and they do a great job bringing it to the screen without changing the story. I don't know that I'll rush right out and get th...more
p2518
aVI normally love fantasy but I found this to be very hard to plod through.  I admittedly need the fantastic to keep me engrossed in fantasy - wizards, magic, prophecies- otherwise it isn't fantasy, it's just fiction.  Initially, I figured the political chess game might help somewhat with this.  There were also some mention of dragons and the concept of the Wall, but it just didn't help me.  I can't get into it. There are also so many sub plots and character themes.  While normally I also enjoy multipl...more
p2519
aVGreat series - after reading the first book i had to go out and buy the rest to see what would happen next - very gripping read 
p2520
aVWhen this novel was first published, I was four and now that I am of age to read Game of Thrones, it still took me two seasons of the HBO adaption to actually decide to delve into it. Even then, I had my doubts for I had vowed to NEVER read a novel if I had watched the film adaption to it or never watch the film adaption if I had read the novel (of course there were exceptions such as Lord of the Rings trilogy). Anyways, I concluded, despite my hesitations, to give it try and I was captivated. I...more
p2521
aV  I really enjoyed reading my first book from George R. R. Martin, A Song of Ice and Fire. The book is a fantasy and while reading I was able to draw upon many similarities with our history. The vivid descriptions of swords, eating styles, The hound, my good little imp were well put together. Yes, there is nothing new about George R.R. Martin's ' A Song of Ice and Fire' the words are the same, the settings are the same, the characters are the same, but it is the way he put everything together. He...more
p2522
aVSo this one was slow going at first. It always takes me a while to get into fantasy stories but once I'm in, I'm in. There are so many names, relations and alliances going on here that at first I was a little lost and I'm still not quite sure about a couple of things but that's what made this book so interesting. The intrigues and political disputes are wonderfully paced and masterfully written. The things that in the end always drive me to a story are the characters and the more I came to know...more
p2523
aVAn amazing book that delves into a more set and realistic world of fantasy without flimsy spells and magical creatures brimming among the vast array of characters. Though most of the characters can be defined as grey, you can easily side yourself among alliances, but finding yourself growing attached to others in the midst of the ones who would be your enemies. Well balanced and plotted with a great cast and well developed characters, with that looming fear that even someone you think to play a...more
p2524
aVIf it wasn't for the TV show, I'm pretty sure I would not have picked up this book, simply because of its thickness. Nevertheless I'm glad I did.  The characters are well portrayed and developed, even if they only come to a sticky  end at the pointy end of a sword. Some you love, some you adore, some you loathe and want to bitch-slap into kingdom come. I'm sure though that the TV series helped massively; regardless if what GRRM wrote, Tyrion is Peter Dinklage; Dany is Emelia Clarke, Sean Bean is k...more
p2525
aVI see what the hype is about. Great characters and more than a few "oh wow" moments. Perhaps the next book does, but this one doesn't deserve comparisons to Lord of the Rings; aside from the direwolves and The Others, it's more of a alternative history Middle Ages story. Kings and Knights and Lords and double crosses aplenty. There was a twist at the end that leads me to believe the next book will be more akin to Tolkien's universe. We'll see. Catelyn, Eddard, Tyrion, Bron, Ayra, Sanya, Jon, Dan...more
p2526
aVI started reading this book before the show came out on DVD. I heard it was a good read. I enjoyed the characters and story line. Yes, this book is slow and yes it can be brutel and it does have a lot of politics but plenty of action in it as well and betrayel. If you like dark fantasy you'll enjoy Martins work.My favorite characters had became Jon Snow, Arya and Brann Stark and even Tyrion Lannister, the Imp they call him. The Dothraki had became a big part of this book as well. Ned Stark contr...more
p2527
aVThis is the book that opened my eyes as to what fantasy can really be. Honest, emotional, brutal and epic in every sense of the word. Even then there is only a hint of the wonders to come in this book as in many ways it looks as though it could merely be a standard fantasy tale of the good Starks versus the evil Lannisters, but still the writing and the creation of Westeros itself already has this book head and shoulders above any of the competition. In fact, after reading that ending, no other...more
p2528
aVI got to this book thanks to the HBO series. And I read it after I finished watching the first season, as always, the book is far better than any other product. Martin takes you to an incredible world full of deceit, hopes, fears and war. That's what Game of Thrones is, the story on how a kingdom starts to fall because it is so fragmented and destroyed inside... I found wonderful how he made each chapter the point of view of each character, seeing so many visions of one event, choices made in th...more
p2529
aVI thought the book was excellent.  Unique characters, fascinating plot, and originality rarely seen in today's epics.  Found myself caring about the characters, never questioning the author's choice of words.  Especially fell in love with Tyrion, a dwarfed son of the weathiest family in the Realm, and Danarys, a descendent of the Tragareon dragon family.  If I was to criticize, I'd only be nit-picking.  The author is brilliant.  However, there were times when scenes dragged on a little too long and ba...more
p2530
aVI was drawn into this book for the first hundred pages or so.  I enjoyed some of the new concepts of the world Martin created.  After that, things started to go sour.  Although he writes well, at least compared to some other current authors, I hated the misogynist, ageist, sexist and just plain mindlessly violent nature of the world Martin created---- taken to the max. I hated that he got rid of characters at random and without any internal logic in the series.  I read the first four or five books a...more
p2531
aVI really loved this story and the characters that Martin fully develops within it.  I had watched a couple of episodes ofthe show before abandoning it for being too violent.  However, after hearing so many good things about the book, I had to give it a shot.  I was not disappointed.  I really liked how Martin set up the book by having each chapter told from the perspective of one character.  He also does a nice job of honing in on the story so that the 800+ page read avoids being a slog.  The funny th...more
p2532
aVI read this first book in the series after becoming enthralled in the HBO series 'Game of Thrones' which is based on these books.  My only regret is not reading the books first because, as we all know, there is so much more to the story in any book that I brought to the small-screen or big-screen.The book is an excellent read.  Martin's writing style places you right there in the story.  He describes the smells, what the characters are wearing - I can't recall another work with so much detail that...more
p2533
aVI picked up Game of Thrones knowing two things: 1.) my supervisor at work (who I have lots of nerdy things in common with) highly recommended it.2.) HBO made it a show that was getting good reviews...which meant to me, like the Sookie Stackhouse books, it could be lousy (Alan Ball makes True Blood great, as far as I'm concerned).I think it's better read with little knowledge of the story, so, I'm not giving anything away here. There are mysterious things being alluded to throughout this book, wh...more
p2534
aVIt\u005cu2019s not often that I read anything within the fantasy genre, but A Game of Thrones is far too well-written to be overlooked solely based upon its categorization. It reads as though it\u005cu2019s a history book with character; events are neither dramatized nor romanticized, but ran through as a matter-of-fact. Opportunities for resolution are constantly crumbling due to the mere fact that the characters are driving the story and that the story is not driving itself. This, however, is not completely good...more
p2535
aVMy second time reading the opening book of the series, and while I still thought it was a good time, I was a little more perplexed by the ideological underpinnings Martin sets up here. As in, I ended up reading feminist critiques of the books and talking out my own feelings about the misogyny and brutality of the medieval-esque worlds of fantasy to my mostly completely uninterested husband. In other words, I didn't feel comfortable just settling in for a good stretch of entertainment when readin...more
p2536
aVOk. So this one did not, in fact, change my world as several people had suggested to me. I thought it was pretty much a boy book. A lot of battle tactics and court intrigue that left me more anxious than anything. Plus, I had a hard time finding a character that I a) liked and b) identified with. I finally decided that Dany was my girl, but man did she have a rough ending. Plus, in the beginning her chapters were pretty sparce.But at 672, the ending did finally managed to grab me, and now I thin...more
p2537
aVThe first chapters, I find it quite hard remembering all the names, from which kingdom, or lineage. I was able to get the hang of it after learning that there is an appendix at the back. It was pretty neat the way each chapters were introduced as the characters. That way, no matter how many the characters & events are, a reader always keep track. Overall, the book is absorbing & gripping. Given its 800+ page, it was never dull. The author has beautifully dressed the characters like, Sans...more
p2538
aVI read "Fevre Dream" years ago and loved it, but it wasn't till the HBO special "Game Of Thrones" came out that I realized I was missing out on his other works. I watched season one before I read the book. That slowed me down a little, but no where near as much as it normally would have done. Martin is a commanding author that can carry you away before you realise what's happened. He reminds me a little of Stephen King in his ability to bring a character to life. I was fascinated by the storylin...more
p2539
aVMeh. What is the big deal? A HUGE Tolkien fan, I rather resent comparisons btw these two authors.  I find myself skipping entire pages and briefly scanning others.  I mean, do I really need to have a detailed 2 page description of every single dish served at every single meal? And the damned crests!  Ok, I get it, Martin is fascinated with medieval paraphernalia: STOP describing them every 5 pages!  They are not relevant! Obscure references to murky histroy and ancestors do not add to the story but...more
p2540
aVPicked up the book after watching "Game of Thrones" on HBO.  Starting watching that after hearing about it on "Sword and Laser" podcast.  I have to say after reading this HBO did a great job.  It may be one of the best remakes of a book I have ever seen.  I find this even more ambitious because it was only 10 one hour episodes.George R.R. Martin like to knock off main characters which I'm a fan of.  I like knowing folks are not safe.  He does spend a little to much time writing about what people are w...more
p2541
aVStarted the reread before the release of A Dance with Dragons. It turned out that actually I still had pretty accurate recollection of what happened in this series opener.I found that I still like the same things in Martin's books. The books lack traditional good and bad characters and Martin shows instead how each one has their own understandable motives for their actions. I also like how cold and cruel place the Seven Kingdoms is.Don't know if it was the rereading or what but this didn't feel...more
p2542
aVI give the story five stars but the writing three, so I settled on a four overall. I absolutely love the story, but Martin's writing style took some getting used to. His overuse of dialogue tags is distracting; everything is shouted, cried, yelled, intoned, mumbled, murmured, muttered, and very rarely ever just said. Twice characters asked a question that was followed by "-- wanted to know." You think? That's what the question mark is for, isn't it? And besides this, often there will be a senten...more
p2543
aVBased on all the talk surrounding this series, I'd imagined this book to be more "literary"-- whatever that means. It's well plotted and comprehensively imagined, but there's not much artful in the telling. In other words, it's a book that you read solely to find out what happens-- and I haven't read a book like that in a long time. It's probably because it's been so long that A Game of Thrones actually took me two tries to get through. For a couple weeks, I gave it a go a few chapters a night a...more
p2544
aVWhen I first head about The Song of Ice and Fire series it was because of a commercial for HBO's new "Game of Throne" television show. That interested me and so I set out to do some research. What I found were stirring reviews of the series with things like "epic," "a new Lord of the Rings," and "best fantasy in decades" being said. This is high praise, to be sure, and I honestly never expected it to quite live up to my expectations.Having finished book one, A Game of Thrones, I can now say - I...more
p2545
aVI'm not really into this type of book and probably never would have read it if it a) hadn't been recommended highly to me by someone who has not steered me wrong yet and b) if HBO wasn't making a show out of it. I did find it hard to keep all the characters straight for longer than usual in a book and it dragged at times especially in the beginning.  That said, when the pace picked up, it was exciting, page turning and enjoyable. It did not end how I thought it would and now I'm invested enough i...more
p2546
aVI've never been one for fantasy fiction. I always felt (perhaps unfairly) that it was written by geeky nerds for those middle aged men you see in Games workshop on Saturday afternoon in August, who like to fantasize about scantly clad female elf's. Lord of the Rings and the Hobbit are the only books from the genre I had read, and although I enjoyed LOTR, the Hobbit disappointed me. I left the genre and returned to more contemporary fiction.However, having seen adverts for the HBO adaptation of G...more
p2547
aVFirst medieval fantasy I've read since lord of the rings in college and I have to say I really enjoyed it.  The changing point-of-view was really pretty cool and really made sure things weren't left as pure black and white.  There were a few characters that did appear to be stereotypical evil, but I wonder if we'll see even that soften in the later books.  A few mysteries left open were hinted at pretty strongly and I've developed my theories.  Nicely done on Martin's part since now I'm more tempted...more
p2548
aVNot much to say other than this book and the whole series is amazing. Only Martin could have so many characters that are fleshed out so completely. Through the books, his chapters are all from different viewpoints from all the different characters, and its amazing how he connects them all. Some may say this is a tired fantasy topic, but Martin brings it in a whole new light and has so many twists that you could never guess coming. The whole series is extremely gripping (with the exception of a F...more
p2549
aVI don't have HBO. I've heard this described as "LOTR meets The Sopranos," which, tacky as it is, is totally true. It's good stuff. Addicting. Crack-like. It's taken me four weeks to work through the books that have been published so far, and when I finished the last one yesterday, I immediately went to google to find out the publication date of the next one, which led me to all the fanboy theory sites out there, and did I mention it was like crack? The moral of the story is this: I kind of wish...more
p2550
aVWhen it comes to fiction, I have a pretty eclectic taste. My interests come and go like the wind and every once in a while I\u005cu2019ll latch on to a new topic or genre and devour anything I can get my hands on. Lately, I appear to have been bitten by the epic fantasy bug, because I can\u005cu2019t seem to get enough of it. And it was this new obsession that led me to A Song of Ice and Fire, a series of novels written by George R. R. Martin.Indeed, the first book A Game of Thrones appeared enough times on \u005cu201cBest F...more
p2551
aVA total snooze. I don't understand why this series is marketed as Fantasy and why people keep comparing it to Tolkien, Jordan, Erikson, etc; this is historical fiction, period - except it takes place in a different history. There's not a hint of magic, no creatures, no interesting world building, no questing, and no adventure - it's tedious political maneuvering for thousands upon thousands of pages. Any interested reader would be better off reading an actual history or historical fiction based...more
p2552
aVThis was a book I had high hopes for and it got a good review from a friend of mine. Sadly, I was disappointed with it. The book started off well enough. I liked the different viewpoints and the bits of story that you got along with them. The book started to lose me around the end of the first third. I love long books, but books this long must have a damn good plot, one that keeps you interested. This book started to slog along. My interest was peeked a little around the end, but it lost me afte...more
p2553
aVAs the critics say, an old story about good and bad, lots of fighting, and plenty of intrigue thrown in as well. Nothing new, but when did that stop the likes of Bernard Cornwell and Jackie Collins? At the end of the day, this is a well told story, and that's what makes me like it. My favourite character is Tyrion, hope he makes it through the next load of novels (relatively) unscathed. Had to take a star off for losting the thread a bit over some of the detail, especially when there's mention o...more
p2554
aVI saw the series first, and in classic fashion decided I just HAD to read the books.  I have read all four of the books in this series, but after the first book (which the series was amazingly faithful to) I STRUGGLED....I swear it took me over a year to get through each book, which is not typical for me.  When I read, it's like a buffet for my brain...and I have an inner quirk that will not rest until I finish what i've started.  Yes, I read all the books, but I forced it and was not happy.  Will I...more
p2555
aVMy third ever historical fantasy drama (after Lord of the Rings and The Hobbit) and I thoroughly enjoyed it even I normally don't go for this genera. I liked it so much in fact that I bought the whole series and I am now at the last volume (7 so far) and worried when the author is going to write the sequel! :) Witty, funny dialogues, interesting and not at all predictable stories, vivid characters and a sense of..."I want to know what happens next" that kept me reading till 2am in the morning! W...more
p2556
aVAbsolutely enjoyed the book. George R.R. Martin does a marvelous job of creating a fantasy world that skirts along reality enough to pull you in, but maintains that "mythical" aspect. Something he does that I have never noticed before in books is he doesn't so much have chapters, but segments of each of the main characters lives are considered the "chapters". (There are a handful of characters you are following in this book, and he hops around each one's story). It may sound confusing and disenc...more
p2557
aVI don't normally do this but this is one series where I would actually recommend watching the show first. George R.R. Martin writes very long books with many characters and side plots. Add to that he is quite wordy and it is easy to get confused quickly. Seeing the show will at least introduce you to the main characters which makes the books easier to follow. I have read all of the books in the series so far which is quite a feat. I have enjoyed the series immensely but I am definitely ready for...more
p2558
aVI am currently on the 3rd book in the series of 5.  And I've got the HBO series at home on DVD.  I'm halfway through it as well.  I'm pleasantly surprised as to how close the series follows the books (especially when one knows how badly the True Blood series didn't).  There are lines in the series that are word for word from the books.  I will warn those shy of nature...there is sex in books and series so just FYI.  I hear there are alot worse but popular book series out right now.  One other note, if...more
p2559
aVI started watching the show and quickly turned to the books instead: there is a world difference in reading a short paragraph that says, "they had sex" and seeing 10 minutes of it on HBO.  I was surprised, however, at the books ultra-lean writing: so much happens that I don't think he has time for adjectives, adverbs ... heck, much description at all.  It's thrilling how willing his is to kill of main characters!  This is very close to historical fiction, with only a splash of magic and fantasy.  Th...more
p2560
aVLove love love, so glad this series has five (going on six if rumor has it)novels. I wish it would never come to a conclusion. The characters are very well developed with a story all their own, the plot comes together with a main theme of a bottle over the Iron Throne, while the underlying story emerges "Winter is coming" and the realm is in uproar, no one is prepared for the true danger and darkness that is Winter and the Others that come with it. I highly recommend this series, I don't usually...more
p2561
aVThe first time I tried reading this book, I stopped reading because I got lost between all the characters and locations, but that is more about me that the writing. I could have kept up by writing my own summaries as I read but that quickly turns leisurely reading into work for me.However, I restarted it while watching the first season of the TV series and having them tie in together made it a much more satisfying read, but also made the series more enjoyable as the book provided so much more in...more
p2562
aVI watched the TV show first (twice), and loved it.  As soon as I started the book I knew I would love it just as much.  The story is intensely complicated, due to the many different lordly houses with their many different members and a great deal of political intrigue.  There is so much detail in the book, though and the characters are so well developed that it becomes easy to get a feel for all the intrigue.I highly recommend Game of Thrones to any fan of fantasy.  It has all the requisite fantasy...more
p2563
aVAs a kid, I was quite the fantasy junkie.  It was an embarrassing habit at the time.  As a 13 year old girl, I didn't really want anyone to see me reading books with dragons and swords on the cover.  At some point, I gave up the genre.  Yet now, fantasy appears to be hitting mainstream.  Suddenly everyone is asking me if I have read the Game of Thrones books or started watching the HBO series.  Seemed worthwhile to give the genre another try.  I wasn't disappointed with Game of Thrones.  After the first...more
p2564
aVI made a mistake. I watched the HBO series before reading this book. I even read (albeit a borrowed copy) the TV cover edition. So my advice to people who have not yet delved into the literary tomes of A Song of Ice and Fire series: Read the books before watching the tv show.I found that the show followed the books very closely. Which is great for a tv show, but it sucks out some of the excitement when you read the book second. There were a few new insights and understanding that I gained from t...more
p2565
aVThis book, and series, is for all you Kings and Queens and Princesses and Princes lovers! Each chapter is from a different characters point-of-view, which is my favorite kind of novel. I love getting to understand each character on a deeper level through their own journey and story. Each character in this book felt real to me. There were clear villains but I came to understand their plight. There were also clear heroes whom I would grow angry with at times. It' a long book (807 pages to be exact...more
p2566
aVI'll have to think about this book a bit before reviewing... Certainly not the greatest of fantasy novels. Far too much political intrigue and not enough fantasy. Martin certainly takes his time unfolding the story. Too much time. The oddest part must be the story of Daenerys Targaryen and Khal Drogo, the horse-riding warlord across the sea from the rest of the story. Daenerys is a member of the royal house that was deposed. Their story is long, very long, sexual and violent. Some people have ob...more
p2567
aVif i could give this novel six stars i would. this is by far the best book i have read in the past couple years, easy. GRRM is a master when it comes to fantasy, all the characters are so damn vivid and the thing that really gets me is that GRRM has no qualms with offing a main character or two so you literally fall in love with a character and are on their side in one chapter only to have him?/her?--[i'm trying not to spoil] get killed in the next. another thing is that most people when they th...more
p2568
aVDon't think fantasy - think political intrigue in a no holds barred , pseudo-fantasy setting. Martin's writing isn't about your usual good vs evil paradigm. There are good people. There are also bad people. But good people can do some pretty nasty things, and sometimes bad people, well, they can surprise you (though not necessarily in a pleasant way).The character development is excellent. The world building hits the right balance of giving you enough background for context, but not overwhelming...more
p2569
aVReviewed by: Rabid ReadsIf you've turned on your television at all in the last couple of months I'm sure that you've heard of A Game of Thrones. After getting hooked on the first season of the HBO TV series, I just had to find out for myself whether or not the book is better than the show. I was actually really surprised by how close the script is to George R.R. Martin's original story. The only downside about reading the book after having watched the first season is how the actors immediately b...more
p2570
aVI started this book on my first train ride into London alone, i can safely say it took a while for all of my anxiety about tickets and seats to melt away. I love this type of 'medieval' fantasy but it took a while for me to gain any interest in the storyline, however after some of the english countryside had sped past the window i... got to grips with it, i guess. Once i started rooting for particular characters and houses i was interested and involved and me and game of thrones got on just fine...more
p2571
aVI got a copy of this book for Christmas and was wary of reading it due to the length. I've probably mentioned before that I am always wary of reading longer books because I have a compulsion to finish them whether I like them or not (sometimes the process can be painful).It didn't take long to be drawn into A Game Of Thones, and I was surprised by how quickly it gripped me. I haven't seen the television series, so I consider that a bonus. But frankly A Game of Thones is now one of my favourite b...more
p2572
aVI read this a while ago, back in college, and didn't continue with the series for reasons that are not clear to me any more.  I remember liking it a lot, however, and in re-reading it recently, partially to compare it to the TV series, and partially just to refresh myself so I could continue reading the rest of the books, I found myself enjoying it quite a lot, again.  I have had no success in getting my girlfriend to read this though.  The English version is a bit impenetrable and she doesn't like...more
p2573
aVI actually enjoyed this book quite a bit. Normally I shy away from any type of epic fantasy because they tend to be long winded, but this book wasn't badly paced.  As an avid reader I hate to admit it but I picked this book up after watching the first couple of episodes of the t.v. show on HBO, but I wasn't disappointed by the choice. The characters are very interesting.  They aren't black and whit, each character has likable qualities and qualities that made me cringe. I liked that the chapters w...more
p2574
aVI almost clicked 4 stars on this review.  The reason I didn't?  The amount of future reading I see in coming in this series.While I really enjoyed the world and many characters (even the "bad" ones) I could not rid myself of the weight of words still waiting for me in future books.  I kept thinking...do I like this book enough to continue reading the entire (unfinished!) series?Unfortunately, the answer is no.  While I wouldn't mind spending more time in GRRM's world, and I am a very fast reader, I...more
p2575
aVGame of Thrones is a fantastic story, with mostly respectable style as well (although I got a little tired of the word 'craven'). The characters are complex and human, the fantasy elements are remote and mysterious enough to not be gauche, and the story is far from predictable.I saw the show on HBO first, which I also greatly enjoyed, but I think it may have lessened the impact of the book a bit, which could potentially have been worth 5 stars. For those concerned about having seen the show firs...more
p2576
aVThis book had me from the prologue. Just great writing. The chapters are separated by character. So you get perspectives from lots of different characters. And I felt it was done perfectly. I never once felt bogged down and it seemed like he knew exactly when to switch back to another character that I wanted to hear more of. The basic storyline chronicles several families during medevial times.  For the most part everything is realistic, but he does add a twist of fantasy. But he doesnt over do i...more
p2577
aVI'm surprised that none of my friends told me about this before the HBO show came out. How could so many people I know who read this kept it a secret? Weird. Time magazine called this George R. R. Martin guy the American Tolkien. I would say that's true in a certain sense. Tolkien's world leaned toward the juvenile section of the library, while Martin's world leans heavily toward the adult world. Political intrigue, eroticism, violence, bloody war and prominent characters getting the axe (litera...more
p2578
aVAlright, no time for a full review, but I intend to marry this book/series/show. I'm sure it's legal somewhere.
p2579
aVI"m still not sure how I feel about this series. There were so many characters introduced right off the bat, and that made it difficult to comprehend everything going on in the plot. It started to get better about half way through (when the plot really started to develop and the characters were easier to follow). I hadn't watched the TV show before starting to read it, but a friend said that had made it easier to follow.The thing that I liked about this was that it was very unexpected. Character...more
p2580
aVI am not sure. So many names, so many useless characters, all they did was confuse me. Disappointed by some of the events and of the ending for sure. Dragons suckling on a new mother's breasts? You'd think the wolves would have a bigger role. The Prologue was confusing as well, you'd think Martin would shed some light on what those creatures are that turning everyone into zombies. I kept waiting to get to these characters again, but it never came. Were they merely men of the black? From the wall...more
p2581
aVThe Short and Sweet of ItWinter is Coming. So rings the words of the Starks of Winterfell, the family central to the epic tale contained in this novel. The motto reflects the harshness and strength of the family as well as resounding a prophetic truth for the whole of Westeros, a land about to be torn by a vicious political upheaval, a game of thrones.A Bit of a RambleAn informative site called the Citadel had this to say: "It\u005cu2019s one of the best fantasies written in the last forty years, and it c...more
p2582
aVThoroughly solid medieval fantasy-type book. Solidly written (bonus points for continually using "nonplussed" correctly!) with a solid plot, and interesting, well-developed characters. Three stars because while I enjoyed it and will probably read the rest of the series, there's nothing especially creative about it. It's just your solid, fantasy, people fighting over kingdoms kind of book, with some light, generic fantasy elements in it. That being said, it is well-written and I really do like th...more
p2583
aVAt times I wanted to skip ahead and at times I did skip ahead a bit, but somehow the dude (mostly) kept my interest through 800 pages. I don't know yet whether I'll keep reading the series, but I'm thinking - not. I liked the end with the dragons but there sure isn't enough of a cliff hanger to make me keep reading, especially considering that the story STILL has no end even at the end of the fifth book which just came out. And I'm still 3 thousand pages away from that.?? After about 300 pages I...more
p2584
aVGood story.  Crappy writing.  Filled with gems such as, "the dagger was sharp like truth," and, "I can't marry you!  You took my father's head!"  (Or something like that, I gave it away).  And useless details on what kind of armor people wear.  I don't think I have the will power to commit to another six books of this.  The recent NYT review of book 5 says that winter is still coming.  Still coming!!!  And that book 5 "catches up with some of Mr. Martin\u005cu2019s most popular characters," including Tyrion, Daner...more
p2585
aVLOVE!!! Huge thanks to whoever told me to not just watch the show but read the books!I won't lie, this book intimidated me. It's 800+ pages long with tiny print. I swore it'd take me a month to read, but I finished it in 5 days. I'm usually not a fan of the alternating story teller, but I'm ok with this one. There are too many characters to leave it being told by just one person. And again, I'm not usually a fan of this kind of world, but again this book was fantastic! It's not just the knights...more
p2586
aVUnlike many people who read Game of Thrones, the remarkable thing about this book wasn't that I couldn't put it down but that I could put it down for a bit, read a little of another book, and then want to come back to this. An 800-page book that holds my attention in a sustainable manner is a remarkable book. I can't believe it took me so long to finally get around to reading it.What I liked about this book:-So many different characters spun so well.-So many different landscapes!-So many differe...more
p2587
aVLooking forward to the release of Dance with Dragon, I am rereading this series. I know what happens mostly, but I just want to brush up on the details. Telling the story from collective viewpoints, Mr. Martin has made me fall in love with almost all of them. Except for Theon, of course. If I met Theon I'd probably punch him in the face, but that shows good character development as well. I care enough to want to hurt the little bastard. I saw people review this critically because it moves slow....more
p2588
aVI have had this book on my shelf for several years, loaned by another fantasy fan. Then Jo told me to read it since it was being made into a series. I picked it up off the shelf and it sat in my living room for months. It was 800 some pages and small print. I was totally intimidated by it. One day I watched four episodes of the HBO series and enjoyed it, although I was definitely confused. I picked up the book to get a better understanding and was immediately pulled in. A fantastic book, a fanta...more
p2589
aVThe plot is intriguing, and the characters are good - though many could have a lot more depth.  It was good enough I wanted to finish it, I wanted to know what was going to happen, and I'm going to read the next in the series as well. Unfortunately, the writing really made me cringe at times. Many times. I don't know if I'll finish the series (at least to the most recently published book) because I just don't know if the interesting plot will continue to outweigh the amateurish writing.  Conclusio...more
p2590
aVIt's rare that I would recommend a book with the caveat, "It takes about 400 pages to really get going," but once you hit page 400 this book really gets going. A lot of fantasy writers have bold, vast, sweeping visions for their epics, and a lot of them stumble long before they get there. Martin, however, is the rare writer who absolutely makes good on his ambitions. It all comes down to character. There are ten or more POV characters in this volume and they all have a distinctive voice; on top...more
p2591
aVThis was...long. It didn't really follow the traditional fantasy storytelling style--it was more like a million scenes from different perspectives heaped together from which the reader had to deduce something that resembled a plotline. But don't get me wrong; for all of its seven hundred pages, it was intriguing, entertaining, and realistic. I suppose my favorite part would be the characters, because the plot didn't amount to too much. In fact, however crazy this may seem, this book was more an...more
p2592
aVThis is quite possibly the best fantasy book and series I have ever read. The characters are amazingly flushed out, and the setting beautifully visualized. Martin has filled his world with an in depth history, which is never dull. He grabs you and refuses to let go.Just a warning, if you prefer a quicker, light read, these are probably not a good suggestion. They are not "fluffy" at all. The whole series is for readers who enjoy a long discriptive style of writing, with great attention spent on...more
p2593
aVI stopped reading fantasy around the time I started high school, so I was reluctant to pick this one up, even though it came highly recommended.  Alls I can say now is, where the hell is that 20 sided die?The story is set in a medieval world that feels so stunningly lived-in and gritty-real that it's hard to imagine how long it took him to come up with it all.  His nearly pornographic descriptions of armor and weapons alone is half the fun of reading it.  That coupled with the fact that roughly eve...more
p2594
aVcuando por casualidades de la vida cayo en mis manos este libro estaba francamente desilusionado de la fatasia epica...despues de leer el se\u005cu00f1or de los a\u005cu00f1illos y algun que otro libro m\u005cu00e1s nada se le podia comparar en su complejidad de tramas y su calidad literaria... hasta que llegue a la saga de cancion de hielo y fuego.. estees UN IMPERDIBLE para todo amante de la literatura fantastica....y bueno la trama sera mejor que ustedes la descubran ...solo les dire que encontrar\u005cu00e1n personajes memorables...more
p2595
aVThis really sets the bar for modern fantasy.  Great, realistic characters... all in shades of grey.  Everyone seems to have their own motivations... and figuring out what they might be makes the intrigue a lot of fun.  The world Martin has created is extremely vibrant and has an incredible amount of detail and history to uncover... and his use of many (but not an overwhelming number) of point of view characters helps explore many parts of it at the same time.Easy to recommend for fans of epic fanta...more
p2596
aVA Game of Thrones is the first installment in the epic fantasy series written by George RR Martin. It is set in a medieval like world.The novel follows the story of three parties within the book, which link together to engage the reader within the world. The chapters are written from the points of different important characters. This is extremely effective as the characters, the world, the plots and subplots are all very detailed. The title is extremely fitting. At a basic level, the novel tell...more
p2597
aVA true epic unlike anything else I've ever read. George R.R. Martin succeeds in creating an intensely populated, detailed and vibrant world with a cast of characters which are flawed, endearing and hateful (sometimes all at the same time!). If you are a fan of the TV series I would still recommend the book for snippets not included (for example an expanded look at the inhabitants of Riverrun, more character development for Sansa etc). 780 pages it's a door stopper, and no mistake, but it's well...more
p2598
aVNo spoilers or stating the obvious book jacket stuff:  I like the reasonably short (but not too short) chapters that are character based, it makes it easy to just grab a few pages when you can.  The language didn't get too Olde or feel too modern either.  It irritates me when authors doing a period piece either forget most of us have no clue as to the meaning of their I'm sure impression turns of phrase because we haven't spent 10 years neck deep in ancient idioms, or sound so modern that it feels...more
p2599
aVThis is not a book for the faint of heart. A Game of Thrones is engaging and full of characters you actually might feel compassion toward. And not only the good guys... assuming you can sort out who the good guys are! I was a couple hundred pages into this book before it gained any traction for me. The method of shifting focus from one person to another was a bit disconcerting for me, but not so much as to make the book unreadable. And I'm glad. Because the payoff was marvelous. A Game of Throne...more
p2600
aVMixed feelings on this one. I can see why it makes a successful tv show because there are good characters and an interesting storyline. But it was so long! Each chapter is told from the perspective of a different character, which I guess kept it interesting, but also really slowed down the pace of the book. Plus I had to keep consulting a flow chart that I found online to keep all the characters straight (I later found the appendix at the back of the book). Anyway, I was interested in the story,...more
p2601
aV While Mr. Martin certainly has some ability and has spun a multi-faceted scenario with many plot lines and very many developed characters, he seems to revel in slaughtering them at a whim and debauching the sad survivors. I thought that, perhaps by the fourth book, there would emerge some coherency or underlying theme beside the rampant slaughter. There are at least seven distinct types of supernatural (magic) manifestations for the varied characters to practice or to fall victim. I have no int...more
p2602
aVI must say this book did not strike me as a fantasy genre. It is more based on Mediaeval society with only some slight references to fantasy. Despite this it is an enjoyable read with a rich cast of characters and a great amount of detail around them.If you like epic sagas with complex characters and many parallel storylines all going on at once then this is a book for you.Even though most of the characters are not likeable I was surprised at some of the scathing reviews this book received. To m...more
p2603
aVArguably one of the best adult fantasy series, the first in the series establishes Martin's amazing sense of world-building and well-rounded characters. One of among the many reasons I'm continuing to read the series is the humanity within each character. No character is completely good or evil, selfless or completely detestable. Some of the details can seem tedious - elaborate feasts, landscapes - and I sometimes found myself longing for the chapters focusing on my favourite characters, but the...more
p2604
aVThank you Louise for introducing these books to me!May not be a literary masterpiece, but is a great great story!The Starks, Lannisters and Baratheons are a complicated bunch. And everybody else too! The deceit, the fragile alliances, the incest, the direwolves are all great features but the one that keeps me reading is hope. Hope that the good guys (whoever they may be) will come out on top keeps me turning the pages. Martin seems the dangle just enough of it before he dashes it, immediately re...more
p2605
aVEasily the best book I have read all year, and definitely in my top three of all time. People compare this to lord of the rings all the time and personally I don't see the need to compare it but if you made me choose it would be this without a shadow of a doubt. I have to admit it is hard to pick up and remember who the characters are at the start there are so many but once you get through that the story carries you along with its twists and turns and will cause many a late night through your in...more
p2606
aVI've avoided watching the TV adaptation until I could read this. Glad I did. Its a good book. Complicated, as most political-intrigue novels are. Lots of families with lots of characters, but the majority are unique enough to distinguish them. I had only one issue with this book really. One of the point of view characters, Sansa, is supposed to be 11 years old. Narration from her point of view seemed so adult that when she did or thought something childish I did a double-take, thinking that ther...more
p2607
aVI enjoyed how each chapter represented a different character's perspective.  I also appreciated how each chapter left me hanging, so that I had to keep reading to satisfy my fox-like curiosity.  Yet, I had troubles connecting with the characters.  They seemed to always be doing things I did NOT approve of and were very flawed. Oh, and does this author despise women?  His female characters are bat shit!  Anyways, this is definitely no fairy-tale.  Oh, TRAGEDY! Nothing good ever happens to any character...more
p2608
aVEl principio de la gran saga de Canci\u005cu00f3n de Hielo y Fuego. Como imagino que muchos otros, yo llegu\u005cu00e9 a los libros a trav\u005cu00e9s de la serie de la HBO, a pesar de que varios amigos me los hab\u005cu00edan recomendado con gran emoci\u005cu00f3n. Y una vez empec\u005cu00e9 la serie, vi que pod\u005cu00edan tener raz\u005cu00f3n. As\u005cu00ed que cog\u005cu00ed los libros. Aunque se describen como fantas\u005cu00eda medieval, y es cierto que lo son, hay m\u005cu00e1s de medieval que de fantas\u005cu00eda en estos libros. Grandes familias compitiendo de forma mortal por un trono. Intrigas y misterios pre...more
p2609
aV         I love this book. I was unsure if I was going to like it when I first heard about it through the HBO commercials. Yes, I came late to the Game of Thrones. Yet, I was hooked when I discovered that the story was told from multiple perspectives. Each chapter is labeled with the name of the character that will be sharing their experiences, feelings and adventures. Martin has created realm full of characters that you will find fascinating, funny, despicable, and intriguing. I like the fact that Mart...more
p2610
aVWhat a rollercoaster of emotions! This book gave me all the feels. All the characters, all of them are epic in their own ways. Yes. Even the villains. Tyrion Lannister is definitely one of my faves. The Imp, dwarf, whatever they wanna call him, he's the smallest yet in my holy opinion the smartest of them all. I can't wait to read more of his thoughts. His chapters are never boring. Jon Snow, Robb, and Arya Stark, my love for them is infinite. Sansa Stark is yet to prove herself to me. Can't wai...more
p2611
aVWhat every one says about this book is dead on. It is a rich, fantastical world. There is magic and mythical creatures, but the story does not lean on them too heavily. This is not as story about dragons or the undead, it is about men and women, honor and integrity(and the lack thereof). The characters face difficult choices and this drives the plot. Martin does not hold back or shy away from allowing the plot to unfold as logic dictates. The consequences of the characters' choices are never sup...more
p2612
aV#20 on the library's ebook wait list.... Finally got a copy after a 2ish month wait. Yay! Now to see what the hoopla is all about.Day 1. Well I'm a little over half way. I do think the first few chapters were really confusing. So many people with similar names all thrown at me at once but I've got them figured out now.  No clear hero but as I read a few reviews there may not be one. Interesting.... Lots of court stuff which has never been a fav, the dialog though is decent so it's not torture.. I...more
p2613
aVI don't read fantasy. Couldn't even get into Tolkien, though I tried. But I've been completely sucked into this tv show so I was reading this between episodes. I don't think I've ever said this about any other story, but I think the tv show is actually better. That being said, it sticks very closely to the plot of the novel and very few details have been omitted. HBO has just done a remarkable job with the visuals, creating this amazing world which is so complex it might have been hard to follow...more
p2614
aVA Game of Thrones is more a political page-turner than a fantasy.  There are fantasy elements in the story, but the majority of the tension comes from ruling families competing for their ways of life.  The political intrigue made for tense reading, so this was not a book I read when I was wanting to unwind.  Although I had picked up the book hoping for a more lighthearted fantasy than was offered, by the end of the book I was wrapped up in the storyline.  Sometime I may try the next book in the seri...more
p2615
aVMan, oh man. I LOVE this book. Not only were the characters, each and every one of them, especially the POV ones, were very rounded out. Some of the POV's I liked over others (Like I liked Arya and Daenerys' the best over Jon or Tyrion's), but they were all really good and I am proud to say I didn't skip over any of them. I also really enjoyed the ending probably more than the rest of the book, because each of the POV's closed up in either a cliffhanger or something that felt resolutional. I don...more
p2616
aVOh my God...What did I just read? I've never felt as unprepared when reading a book before. I just had no idea what was coming next, and I loved that feeling! Though it was kind of hard to remember who all the characters were,(I'm sorry, Mr. Martin, but all the Ser's kind of got blurred together) it didn't realy interfere with the storylines at all.I loved the attention to detail and the mixture of realism and fantasy thoughout the story, not to mention the fact that Martin realy isn't afraid to...more
p2617
aVRegularmente no soy un avido lector del genero de fantasia, este genero es dificil de seguir en algunas ocasiones ya que las sagas de fantasia epica se expanden a varios tomos, normalmente los primeros libros son interesantes pero van perdiendo fuerza conforme van avanzando, este libro lo inicie por dos cosas, la primera es que ya varias personas me habian recomendado al autor y por la serie de television que inicio basada en esta serie. Y como siempre puedo decir el libre supera a la serie tele...more
p2618
aVSuper fun first book- it's kinda badass- a lot of killing and intrigue and sexy maidens and politics - and its a total dorkfest: "the waves crashed on the rocks like the haunting desires of a thousand chiseled cliffs, yearning for the dragons to return" (not exactly, but pretty much a lot like that...) I like Game of Thrones, but know I should be returning to More Important Books... I told everyone I was reading War and Peace and Infinite Jest, and it's true, I did buy both at The Strand. It's j...more
p2619
aVMartin put so much thought into creating a real, tangible world.  The history is detailed, complex and thoroughly incorporated into the everyday life of the characters.  As I ready further into the book I realized there is a web of stories that are outside of the words written on the page.  There is so much to know and learn about the world that Martin has created.  It gives me faith that this series has a clear vision, and a real direction.  This book does not have unexpected twists that favour 'the...more
p2620
aVI have a weird relationship with Epic Fantasy.  I LOVE the stories, the character development, the intricacy and richness of the worlds the authors create -- but I canNOT read it.  Ever.  Part of it is just that the books are so darned LONG -- I don't, generally, have the reading time I wish I had, and it usually takes me a long time to get through them and I get discouraged -- but I can't quite put my finger on what the rest of my problem is.  I LOVED the Lord of the Rings movies, and I love readin...more
p2621
aVI'd heard so much about this book that I had really high expectations.  I read the Kindle sample and wasn't convinced, so I let the story percolate for a few weeks.  Questions about the story and character would pop into my head at random moments, so I finally decided to read the whole thing.I was not disappointed.  This book did a better job than any in recent memory of kicking the reader in the teeth.  And by that I mean, just when you think you know a character or are sure of what will happen, Ma...more
p2622
aVAngelina recommended this to me.  It's amazing but HUGE.  It's part historical (although not any history on our planet), part fantastical, part horror, part romance, part war tactics, part political.  You name it.  I'd never get through it on paper.  Roy Dotrice captures all the characters beautifully.  I've finished the first book and on to the second, Clash of Kings.  The hard part is that there are three more (count 'em...three!) and they're all long.  Also, I've heard he's still writing, heaven help...more
p2623
aVYes...I jumped on board the Game of Thrones bandwagon too.  Yes, it is very captivating, suspenseful and powerful.  Common criticism, at time it is a bit too sprawling, making it difficult to pin down all the characters and some passages required me to re-read them in order to really figure it all out.  But, yes, the hype is justified.  What makes this book particular special is, of course, the realistic cast of characters.  The plot isn't all that far removed from the typical fantasy series, but you...more
p2624
aVAfter several recommendations from other respected bookworms, I embarked on this book, the first in an ambitious series. I would like to go on record saying that this isn't my typical genre, so please examine these next statements within that context. This book was a real slog for me. It wasn't so much the unfamiliar genre as it was the neverending cast of characters. 600 pages in I found myself just as confused as in the beginning. Nonetheless, I perservered, have certainly read worse books, an...more
p2625
aVI enjoyed this book very much and it is the first of four.  Also a series on HBO that I hope to watch if it is ever released on DVD.  It is one of those books where every chapter focuses on a specific character and develops their personal story line and they all come together as a whole.  I liked that it was not afraid to be risky (even characters you like and consider main characters are not safe!) which means it wasn't overly predictable.  Generally it is about the clash of rulers from different r...more
p2626
aVWhile I enjoyed this I found myself finishing it with mixed feelings. The idea of reading another six novels (each running between 700 and 1040 pages long) is daunting and, while I was impressed by Martin's expert pacing, I also found myself growing a bit weary of the dramatically mandated delays and obstacles faced by each character. Still, this has all the earmarks of a definitive work in the genre. It brings together virtually every element of sword/sorcery style Fantasy and does so with a co...more
p2627
aVI can make zero comments on how this actually is as a book because I saw the HBO series first and the HBO series follows it so closely (props HBO) that there was literally nothing new. In short my recommendation is if you have seen the HBO series for the first season but want to read the rest of the Song of Ice and Fire series before waiting for their next season, then go right to book two, you are literally missing nothing if you don't read book 1. You have all the information already. I will r...more
p2628
aVA well-crafted tale of political intrigue in a unique but recognizable fantasy setting, A Game of Thrones established George R. R. Martin in my mind as an author unwilling to pull his punches as he shows an unstable society with bizarre weather patterns and a psychology colored by those weather patterns as they rocket towards civil war. The perspective changes from chapter to chapter, which lends itself well to the mystery behind the central action and the adventures of all characters involved.M...more
p2629
aVI was way into this book for about 90% of it. I devoted a month of my free time to reading this but I was SO mad with the ending. Also, I read the 1st chapter of the second book and I couldn't even finish it. Sometimes I wonder why authors feel the need to put in such filth. I do have to credit the author with doing an amazing thing creating the story. It is pretty incredible that he could write from so many different viewpoints and have so many different characters and still manage to keep thin...more
p2630
aVKings, Lords, Knights and Warriors... Men of valor and honor. Add dragons to that, it's icing on the cake. 
p2631
aVI found this book engrossing after the first third or so, and then ripped through the rest of it. Because the storylines hop around, I found myself often wishing we could get back to the characters and plots that I actually cared about. This certainly was part of the fast pace for me.  I was most interested in Jon Snow and the wall in the north, and to some extent Daenerys. Ah well, I'm off to read the second one now.My number one pet peeve with this book -- the scenting of a certain female body...more
p2632
aVI know I'm late to the party on reading this one, and I don't usually pick up fantasy books but I'm glad I did in this case!A little dense in the beginning as all the characters/scenes are being introduced but it starts to pick up as soon as the plot is laid out. Also, its not like other books I've read in the fantasy genre-no dragons (yet), no magic (yet) and the only race that has made an appearance thus far is human. So if you're the type that likes to dabble in good, epic stories (because th...more
p2633
aVThis is not a book of happily-ever-afters... where good always prevails over evil, wickedness is vanquished (until a sequel appears), and peace and happiness are brought to the land.  In fact, if it was that kind of book I probably would have finished it much quicker than I did.  No, instead, this is a book where the line between good and evil has made a horrible shade of grey that tricks you with every plot twist and surprise waiting on the next page. Decisions made with good intentions end up go...more
p2634
aVAs far as fantasy novels go it's a decent read, but I feel like it didn't really cover any new ground. It's all been said and done before, which is to be expected I guess, considering the sheer volume of similarly styled fantasy books out there. Twas definitely enjoyable though and I'm actually onto the second book in the series, I'm just playing devil's advocate, which is part and parcel in critiquing anything right? I feel like I'm searching for the next level of fantasy novel. I loved books l...more
p2635
aVI expected to be entertained by this book, after all the hype with the novels and especially with the recent HBO series. I didn't expect to be sucked in so quickly, like, in a matter of pages. That's one of my favorite things about A Game of Thrones - the way Martin makes 800+ pages feel like an episodic miniseries, with each chapter showing you the story through a different character's eyes. The brief chapters (with their little cliffhanger endings) propelled me through the book rapidly. I love...more
p2636
aVI discovered this book after the HBO series began and decided I wanted to read it before I indulged in it's television version. The author is often credited with being the American Tolken and it's not a far fetched statement. Martin does a great job of describing characters and pulling his readers into another reality. If you are at all a fan of the Tolken books or science-fiction than you will LOVE this book. It's a bit of a tome, but well worth the time. The characters are imaginative and you...more
p2637
aVThis book was fantastic. The characters, the setting, everything was beautifully crafted. However, what I realized while reading it was that everything that makes this incredible and epic, the massive castles, the ancient lineages, that sort of thing, it's all only possible if technology remains stagnant for hundreds or thousands of years. In our history, the time from when castles were built to when they were obsolete was a period of only two or three hundred years; here they've been built and...more
p2638
aVfar & away the best fantasy novel i've ever read. of course, that isn't saying much, as i've read maybe 2 or 3 that weren't utter drivel. but this is rich & well crafted, with characters that seem to have dimension. the pace is a tad lumbering at the outset, but there is SO much setup that must be done, so many characters to establish, history to impart, that it is easily forgiven. it never felt overly or unnaturally expository, just slow, occasionally. but once stuff starts happening, m...more
p2639
aVAnd I thought LOTR was epic. The first book of the series works like learning how to use a gadget; you start slow, reading the manual, getting to know bits and pieces and the know-hows, until you get the hang of it and everything works, until it reaches to the point of loving the gadget, being enslaved by it only to find out that a part of it breaks down and everything feels messed up but you have no choice but to restore it again because it has become a part of you. And mechanically (in the utt...more
p2640
aVRead the book because I'm watching the HBO series and I found the show hard to follow, without the book. I finished the first book in the series and started the next book in the series because it leaves you hanging at the end of the book. Each chapter is based on a character's point of view and it leaves you with a cliff hanger at the end of each chapter then goes to another character, just when you want to find out what happened. In a way this is good because it keeps you interested in the book...more
p2641
aVI am not a universal fan of fantasy, but there have been several series that I have really enjoyed that are similar to this one, with royalty and a bunch of power plays and military alliances and so forth. I had heard so much about this series, but I was very pleasantly surprised at how much I enjoyed it. I found it to be very well-written, and hard to put down. It's over 700 pages, too, so that's saying a lot! There were the usual issues with such a sweeping drama, like keeping the enormous cas...more
p2642
aVWhen I read this book, I kept thinking how cool it would be as a TV show.  That was in 2001.  Yay for clairvoyance!  So I re-read this a couple years ago to brush up on the series before moving on to Feast for Crows, and I have to say that it holds up for multiple reads quite nicely.  In fact, it's one of those rare, highly readable books where you can actually gain more insights from a second read.  Fantasy lovers who haven't read this book need to crack it open.  I thoroughly recommend it for non-fa...more
p2643
aVOne of my friends just described this as "alternative medieval universe soap opera," and that's fairly accurate. Like a soap opera, you know it's not Great Literature, but like a good soap opera, that doesn't keep you from getting sucked in and enjoying it mightily. Martin is a fairly pedestrian writer, but he manages to create a pack of characters you love to hate (or hate to love), and really it's kind of a ridiculous blast. I'd meant to wait until he'd actually finished the series before I st...more
p2644
aVI can't believe I've missed out on this series so far! I read one George R R Martin a few years ago, but had never seen these - one of the annoying things about being unable to go out and browse real bookshops.I watched the first episode on TV and was absolutely hooked. The book is, of course, even better - a very fast read, despite its length and the number of characters, plotlines etc because each chapter is fairly short. The characters are well rounded, the descriptions of people and places a...more
p2645
aVMy dad recommended this series to me when I was younger. Though he was worried they were too advanced for my age, I devoured the first one during breaks in my summer school education. I adore these books. I find them perfectly written, with amazing diction and description. The world and the characters within it are both astounding in their specificity and detail, and everything about the plot kept me devouring these pages one by one. Each book is, on average, a bit over 800 pages, and it blows b...more
p2646
aVI loved the many narrators, and was disappointed each time the story shifted to a different point of view, only to become captivated by each new point of view. The only exceptionally boring narrator was Daenerys -- perhaps because she is far from the rest of the action, perhaps because I found her Stockholm Syndrome tedious. Nevertheless, this is the first 5 star book I have happened across in years. I enjoyed "A Game of Thrones" in much the same way as I enjoyed the first two installments in Sa...more
p2647
aVWell, I've been looking for this book for years.  George Martin is without a doubt a master of the Fantasy Genre.  There's not too much of any one thing here in this book but brilliance. He's created an entire world that is just absolutely amazing and so real that I rank him up there with the best of Author's in being able to suspend disbelief.  A true son of Tolkien, yet a much easier read and much more low key with magic and such. The prose is like eating your favorite food, it's always good and...more
p2648
aVFormula for an EPIC FANTASY novel! (echo: epic...epic...epic)1. Set in an alternate medieval England2. Create a cast of hundreds (too many for readers to keep straight)3. Include your standard archetypal characters: handsome, young hero; evil, conniving, power-hungry woman/witch, et cetera, at al, ad nauseum4. Throw in some magic, maybe some mythical animals5. Add a liberal dose of gratuitous sex scenes6. For Heaven's sake, s-t-r-e-t-c-h that plot out, and make it a series so those paychecks kee...more
p2649
aVBefore reading this book, I knew that A) it was a good fantasy series that was going to be made into a TV series and B) it was really, really dark. Despite my preferences for avoiding really dark material, I dove into A Game of Thrones. I both loved this book and hated it at the same time. I loved the writing styles, the descriptions, the intrigue, and many of the characters. At the same time, there were points where, just as I thought it couldn't get any darker, the author pulled out another he...more
p2650
aVIn short, I have never appreciated the fantasy genre.  The use of magic and spells by wizards and warlocks doesn't interest me.  While this book is considered fantasy, it focuses more on people and politics.  Magic is included, but it doesn't play a major role in the story.  With that being said, this book is brilliant.  There are so many characters who each play a major part in the story.  While most fantasy stories clearly present good vs evil, the lines between good and evil in this book are extrem...more
p2651
aVI picked this book for a variety of reasons.  My brother toyed with giving me the set for Christmas, and I'd heard good things in anticipation of the HBO adaptation of the series A Song of Fire and Ice.I don't know if it's a chicken-or-egg thing, but one thoroughgoing thought I kept having was that while the book wasn't as gripping as I'd hoped, it sure would make for serviceable Sunday night television.Told from a rotating third-person perspective (in total, a cast of maybe 7 or 8), the novel in...more
p2652
aVOh my this book is amazing. I would make audible "baum baum baum" noises to people's dismay. It's the perfect book that shows the political deception that lords and ladies bring to the table. It has just a twinge of fantasy so it's not overwhelming and plays them discreetly. It's just enough for you to realize this is a fictional book. It was a constant ride of excitement. Even when it seemed "slow" it was developing the storyline so later you make, again, audible deceleration, "Oh my gosh! I ge...more
p2653
aVThis was a long book, but a good one.  It's very much the first in a series - you are introduced to a bunch of characters and lots of different storylines, and very few of the situations were "wrapped up" by the end of the book.  I worried at first about keeping the people straight, but I just kept going, and the author did a good job at subtly reminding you who he was talking about.  There is a lot of court intrigue and political back-stabbing, so if you're into that, you'll like it.  However there...more
p2654
aVThis book was a delightful read! I enjoyed the characters, their development and the constant drama riddling the pages. There is a tremendous amount of characters to keep track of, however, the author does a superb job of keeping them in line with each of the main character's storylines. Though with so many characters, he does constantly keep referring to them so they reader can commit them to memory. I look forward to reading the rest of the series and have come to find that this book has quick...more
p2655
aVI decided to read Game of Thrones following my brother's strong recommendation. I'm glad I listened as it DOES NOT DISAPPOINT!! A great opening prologue sets the tone and captures your attention immdiately. From then on I found myself completely immersed in the world of the Seven Kingdoms and the numerous characters who will determine its future. Some might be put off by the sheer number of characters and the books incredible length but persevere and I guarantee you will be rewarded with a great...more
p2656
aVOh my god, I'm barely done, but I know this book is almost as great as KNLG or MR or PJO/HoO.Pros:I luv Jon, Arya and bran so much, I wish I were their siblings. Bran is super awesomely courageous for his age, Arya is so similar to Jon, I only hav to describe one to describe the other!! I luv the setting and amazing places mentioned!! I would kill to be one of Westeros!Daenerys comes as a 3.5 favourite! She's cooler than my fourth, but not quite enough to beat bran. She is amazingly outstanding...more
p2657
aVThis book is absolutely amazing.  George R.R. Martin creates an entire new world full of new characters.  The brilliance of this novel is that each chapter is dedicated to the view-point of one character so you begin to see the inner-workings of each character and what motivates each of them.  There are characters to utterly love and characters you utterly hate and then there are those that are mysteries.  As the series goes on, I am amazed at how my feelings for these characters are constantly chan...more
p2658
aVIt was much longer than I expected, and took much longer than it should have to get interesting. Too many characters and too many points of view leave the reader confused for hundreds of pages. The author really could have used a stricter editor. I know this book is a huge fan favorite and considered a classic of the genre, but I think it would have been well served by some serious trimming. Many parts were redundant, a lot of the language is repeated, and the litany of names and titles that eac...more
p2659
aVI'll admit I only managed to get into this after having watched the HBO series - I'd tried a couple of times before then, but not being a particular fan of Fantasy literature, found the 'world' hard to envisage. Having seen the series, I read this pretty fast, and can see what the fuss was about. Strong, boldly drawn characters, and a cracking and unforgiving pace of plot make this a great read. It's probably hugely derivative (there were definite 'oh, I've read this story arc before' moments),...more
p2660
aVI really enjoyed this book.  It is a fantasy novel about a kingdom in the middle ages.  The story is told from about 5 different perspectives and the narrator changes with each chapter.  The story centers around a large family called to court by the king and how their lives change in their new environment.  The kingdom is in a state of change as the long summer is ending and winter is coming.  Magic is being reborn around the kingdom after it has not been seen for over a hundred years. I had trouble...more
p2661
aVApr\u005cu00e8s avoir vu la premi\u005cu00e8re saison de la s\u005cu00e9rie, je ne pouvais pas ne pas lire les livres donc j'ai attaqu\u005cu00e9 le premier int\u005cu00e9grale. Maintenant que je l'ai termin\u005cu00e9, je peux dire sans h\u005cu00e9sitation qu'il est pr\u005cu00e9f\u005cu00e9rable de voir la s\u005cu00e9rie avant. Parce que \u005cu00e7a permet de \u005cu00ab fixer \u005cu00bb les personnages. De mettre un visage sur leur nom et de retenir qui ils sont, quelle est leur place dans la hi\u005cu00e9rarchie instaur\u005cu00e9e par l'auteur et donc de mieux s'y retrouver. Parce que comme beaucoup de livres de fantasy, l'histoire e...more
p2662
aVI'm not a fantasy reader, so I resisted this for a long time, but finally succumed in mid-2012.  Wow!  With the first chapter, I was well, and truly hooked: great characters, plots, dialog--I'm not saying anything that hasn't been said before about George R.R. Martin.  He's one hell of a storyteller.Even if the idea of swords, dragons, and the like makes you cringe, I suggest giving this a try.  Take the venue (if you will) and essentially ignore it for the first chapter or so; just let yourself set...more
p2663
aVOne of the things that interested me about this book was that people have tagged Martin as "the American Tolkien".  Being a huge Tolkien fan, I wanted to see if that was true.  While I'm still trying to determine what I think about that, I will say that one of the biggest reasons that I liked A Game of Thrones so much was the skillful writing of George R.R. Martin (he's even got the double R initials!).Martin's writing is evocative, compelling and descriptive in a way that doesn't draw undue atten...more
p2664
aVI have read all 5 of the books in this series and I cannot wait for book 6 to be published.  I feel like my best friend has left the country because I am not able to read about what is happening to all the wonderful characters introduced in the first book, "A Game of Thrones".  Martin has created a wonderful world of rich characters with all the flaws and beauty of humanity.  I believe I am going to have to re-read them all while I wait on the author to present the next chronicle of events in the l...more
p2665
aVA Game of Thrones - A Song of Ice and Fire, #1 is a basically swords-and-sorcery book (more swords than the latter) for adults \u005cu2026 and by \u005cu201cadults\u005cu201d I mean overweight, male, comic book collectors living in their parent\u005cu2019s basements. I found the book entertaining at first, but became increasingly bored by the multiple, parallel, directionless plots and dearth of likable characters. Martin is known for killing off some of his more prominent characters, and I found myself cheering him on wishing he\u005cu2019d do...more
p2666
aVI find the hype for this series justified so far! Now I just have to try not to blaze through them quickly, as I did with Stephen King's Dark Tower!(view spoiler)[I know GRRM is notorious for killing off his characters, so I guess many more will die as the series goes on, but how could he have killed Ned?! I found actually that I wasn't that emotionally invested in individual characters, but I did like Ned a lot. I thought Viserys's death was satisfying and well-deserved. With all his "you will...more
p2667
aVI was fortunate enough to watch the HBO series "Game of Thrones" prior to reading the book. In doing so, I was able to grasp a better understanding of the characters, places and events in George R.R. Martin's fantasy world. The complexity of his writing was difficult for me to understand but once you understood the core concept of his work, it is one of the most intense, exhilarating stories I have read in many years. There are countless plot twists, character deaths and chaos to keep you sweepi...more
p2668
aVIt really is quite the Game.  Again James told me about this series.  I'll wait till I read the next, but I must say the story moved along very well, with a gazillion characters, many story tangents (yes we all knew dragons were coming out of those stone eggs) and when will we meet the blue eyes again?  Jon is going out beyond the wall.....  Women are treated very badly as they were back in those times and that is hard to read.  I don't know if I would like to see the HBO series or not.I did have to...more
p2669
aVI usually don't read fantasy, particularly the knights in shining armor type. They are usually really, really long with many, many characters that get me confused about who is who before the first chapter is over. This book is really long and from what my fantasy loving hubby tells me, is the shortest in the series. I usually don't try to tackle a book of this length unless I'm going on a vacation, meaning I'll just be sitting for quite a while on the way to the destination. The chapters were a...more
p2670
aVSuperbly written and well paced, George Martin is obviously a huge talent and I look forward to his next venture as this one was not really my kind of book. Frankly this is a Fantasy soap opera and I never really found it exciting. Also, too many character POV's made it a bit hard to follow. But each POV by itself was very tight and the lines well written. The sense of doom through out the book makes it stand out from most I have read. All in all, I can understand why this has been such a succes...more
p2671
aVThis book was a flowing masterpiece that I did not want to put down. There were some less savory parts that needed to be skipped but they were very few and far between. There were some parts where I felt very betrayed by someone I trusted and I wanted to throw the book away I was so frustrated. That was what was good about it though because I felt like this was history and clearly it is fantasy. I was brought into the world and the people of this book. I really am glad there are 4 other books to...more
p2672
aVI don't see what people's problems are. It's a decent book. The series on HBO does it more then justice however. This book does get boring in parts and I frequently had the urge to skip chapters because the characters got a bit one dimensional. And what is everyone freaking out about with manhood being said and sex...it is a part of live you know right? I do believe that this was a decent start to the series. I have stayed loyal to the series and am now on the third book and have totally engross...more
p2673
aVThe language never stagnates, but the plot moves rather slowly for a first book. The series later explodes into complexity and exciting twists, but you first must endure the slow buildup of A Game of Thrones.On a side note, Martin's writing strangely fails for sex/romance scenes. No one seems to mention it, but his descriptions of sex between characters is a horrific mix of too much detail, and too little passion/compassion. It seems like it's only there because it's required, or as a sex crime....more
p2674
aVThis book should come with a warning! Not to be read if you have work or exams because it is addictive!Its been a long time since i read somethin of this genre and i bought it after a librarians recommendations and i was hooked since the first pages...The plot is so intense and unbelievable, its one of those books where some pages leave u in shock and u find yourself saying loudly: no no this is not happening...Whats interesting is that each chapter is concerned with a character! And whats a bit...more
p2675
aVThe book sets out a vastly complex range of characters, set in a fantasy world which takes a lot of picturing in one's mind, and the separate threads take quite a while to come together. the book is the first in a series, and one gets the idea that much is being set up for later. The one thing I find irritating about the book is the Chapter titles - I've never thought about them much before, but the author just gives each chapter a title of the name of the dominant character in that section. It'...more
p2676
aVWhen reading fantasy, I usually grade on a curve (For example: The writing was great, for fantasy.) No need to grade on a curve with George RR Martin.  He really can write. He doesn't insult or bore the reader with predictable plot developments that have been broadcast far in advance.  The story is complex with a very large cast of characters.  The point of view shifts between them and I found myself wishing I had taken some notes along the way to keep track of the alliances. The pacing is quick an...more
p2677
aVJust finished book 1 of this fantasy series.  I have to say that I enjoyed it very much.  I have heard this book described as 'Lord of the Rings' meets 'The Sopranos'.  I can say that this is a pretty good description although I think it more resembles Sopranos and less LOTR.  As far as traditional fantasy elements such as dark forces seeking to rule the world, magic, wizardry, elves, a lone hero or a group of heroes trying save the world are completely thrown out of this book.  Those things are gone...more
p2678
aVI loved the first book in this series! I have been watching the hbo series since the begining and wasnt sure if i was going to tackle the books but I am so glad i did. I love that it is written from each characters point of view. I think it makes it much easier to keep track of everyone and their roles. My favorite characters are the same as in the tv show i love Tyrion and Dany. I also like Bran and his wolf Summer which i think are represented in the book much better than in the show and Bran...more
p2679
aVI am a very fast reader..and this book is definitely a slow read. It's one of the few books that I don't mind being a slow read though. The different characters' perspectives allows you to read it slowly, and you will understand the different storylines within the book a lot better if you do read it slowly. I was able to re-read chapters and gain a better understanding of everything without being frustrated that I had already read the chapters before. This is a rare book were I find myself lovin...more
p2680
aVWhile I think there could be some editing here (oh, the long-winded speeches and name after name of people we never see again until 1000 pages later in the series...), the stories that intertwine in this book (& series) are fascinating! Gotta love(/hate in a good way) how each chapter is a mini-cliffhanger--"Wait, I want to find out what happens to __! ...Gotta read 3 more chapters til I find out! Ahh! Must keep reading!" (of course, by the time you find out what happens to __, meanwhile som...more
p2681
aVMartin is a genius! I started reading the first book in the ASOIAF series after watching the first episode of of the first season of Game of Thrones on HBO. The cliche applies here:  the book is SOOOO much better than the show (that's not to say the show isn't awesome).  I recommend referring to the ASOIAF wiki as you fly through the books because often times Martin will utilize very minor characters to completely change the scope of a story.  There are just so many story lines and details to keep...more
p2682
aVI found myself in a rather unique position, whereby I had watched Season 1 of the Game of Thrones TV series and was in the midst of Season 2 when I began this book.  Normally, I prefer to read something before I see a screen adaptation of it, but I think that watching the TV series first helped me to visualise the land of Westeros and its rich tapestry of characters and plot lines.That being said, if I think the TV show aided my appreciation of the book, does that mean that there was something la...more
p2683
aVGeorge R.R. Martin is a good storyteller.  His characters are, for the most part, compelling, and he creates a richly textured alternate world.  He is also derivative, and attracted to stereotypes.  That is not necessarily bad, since most stories, from Gilgamesh to Hamlet to Star Wars are centered on similar themes.  Good authors tell these old stories well, great authors take them in new directions and add to the canon.  GRRM is a good author.  This is a well-written and rousing adventure / fantasy t...more
p2684
aVThis book took me forever to finish. It was good but not up to what I've been hearing about it
p2685
aVI enjoyed this book very much- the characters are very well done and the plot is well executed. It's essentially a story about a good, honorable man surrounded by despicable people. Justice is at stake and the reader finds himself rooting for it passionately. I did, however, have trouble getting through the rest of the books; I have not finished the series. I stopped halfway through book 3, and I'm not sure I'll pick it up again soon. I loved the first book so much and it's hard to see the chara...more
p2686
aVA bit difficult to get into at first. I think there being so many different characters with similar sounding names made it hard to follow in the beginning, but I stuck with it and was definitely rewarded. About halfway through the book is when it starts picking up and getting really interesting. From that point on I couldn't put it down. The characters are really well developed with distinct personalities, and you find yourself loving or hating them with a passion, cheering them on or feeling th...more
p2687
aVIt took me 20 hours over the course of two months to finish reading this thing. Most of that experience was great, though in the first half there's so much setup and character development that it sometimes felt like a slog. I realize that this is the first in a long series of "epic" novels, but at times I couldn't help feeling depressed by its length. Your mileage may vary--some people love long books. What I did like was Martin's willingness to kill, maim or otherwise bring misfortune to centra...more
p2688
aVA great book, but if you've already watched the first season, don't waste your time or money. As HBO is known to do, they've taken the first book and transfered almost verbatim into the first season of Game of Thrones.  If you like having an entire series rather than just a few of them, then go for it.  But if you only want to start the series because the first season was so good, skip this one and go right to number two, A Clash of Kings.  I gave it three stars because, while it was an excellent b...more
p2689
aVoh my!  i really liked this book.  it is definitely my kind of book! when i first started reading it, it reminded me of ken follett's "pillars of the earth" (and that was one of my favorite books ever).  "pillars" is set like in midevil england.  and this book, although it is set in a fictional land, felt like that type of time period too, with kings & knights, etc.  also both books had a lot of characters that had stories running alongside eachother & interweaving amongst eachother.  a lot of...more
p2690
aVThis is a good trilogy, not overwhelmingly well written and very, very violent, but they've got a great plot. Even though they're each 900 pages, they are difficult to put down. A bit put off with the whole switching each chapter by character name and thus plot. With 5 or 6 plots going on sometimes you just want to continue one way but I understand he used the technique to draw you in. Not sure how feminists would feel about these books either - he throws "rape" around like "the" in the book. Bu...more
p2691
aVLOVED this book! It did take awhile to get into it. There are so many different characters with wildly different voices and goals, so it's hard to get invested in any one of them very quickly. BUT, about a third of the way in you find you've slipped right into their world and are completely hooked! You have your own allies and enemies and find yourself clenching your fists in anticipation. And let me tell you, Martin doesn't back down. He throws in plot twists, pulling the rug out from under you...more
p2692
aVI guess this is a book everyone has heard of me except for me.  It's the first of a projected six volume epic fantasy series, the last volume of which has not yet been released. What I think is the best about this book is that it's labeled as "fantasy," but the magic and trickery is so subtle that it doesn't scream fantasy.  I really liked this book, but there was a weird twist in the last few pages that seemed out of character with the rest of the novel and like the series may go in a much more f...more
p2693
aVI've wanted to read this book for such a long time. And this book took me a long time to read as well. But it was worth the time. And I even think this is an epic story maybe someday even titled as classic. The story isn't complicated, but the reason this book took me this long to finish is because you want to absorb every inch of the book. It has a lot of characters, it was hard to remember who was who. To make it easier each chapter is seen from the point of view of another character and it's...more
p2694
aVWell, I watched the series and then I read the book...not the correct order, but...I'm happy with the series after reading the book.  They did a very good job, in my humble opinion.  A lot more is clarified in the book, so it was nice to read for that reason, as well.  I don't have really anything to add other than its a great book with great female, male, and characters with disabilities (a rare thing, so...good...for that reason...).  However, I will say that the ending is better described in the...more
p2695
aVHad I not watched the series first, I would have given this book a 4 or 5. Unlike most books to movie/tv, there was very little that was in the book that was not in the show. The majority of things that were left out were inconsequential, at best. There were, of course, various internal conversations that characters had that could not be portrayed visually but that was really. If you have not seen the show, I highly recommend reading the book first. Both the book and the show begin dreadfully sl...more
p2696
aVIn a medieval setting, you will find a rotten kingdom with true knights, brave men and women, and dishonest ones. A bit of treachery, a handful of drama and a hint of fantasy and you\u005cu2019ll get an entertaining story.What\u005cu2019s new with this proposal? Each chapters tells the story according according the point of view of different characters (Jon, Bran, Sasa, Aria, Catelyn, Edd, Tyrion, Daenerys). I think that the result is good, if a little uneven, for example I find Tyrion excellent (a dwarf born in th...more
p2697
aVThis book starts off confusing and hard to follow as you try to learn the complex interconnections between characters that George R.R. Martin has created. The world is captivating and suspenseful and the plot keeps you guess what is around the next corner. Battles, romances and huge expansive empires flow from every page. The Stark family will take you deep into the plots against the King and trouble brewing on the far side of The Wall as summer turns into a winter that could last decades. A Gam...more
p2698
aVThis series is like crack cocaine so far - read the first book in 2 days and am ploughing through the 2nd wine.  There is definitely some of the cheeziness that goes with this genre in these books (a dwarf and his epic sex life, a girl who actually learns how to use a sword, incest, incest & more incest) BUT...the story is AWESOME.  I would encourage anyone to pick this book up - it is imaginative, fast-paced, intense, and unlike anything I've read before.  The closest I would compare it to wou...more
p2699
aVMy first thought when I finished this book was (quite literally): "I wonder who is still open that I could buy 'A Clash of Kings' from?". And that was at 2am. It took me some time to really get into the book but by the time I was finished there were a great deal of tears and, two chapters before the end of the book, I had to actually get up and walk away before I punched a wall (in lieu of punching Joffrey in the face...even though that wouldn't be physically possible) or threw the book against...more
p2700
aVA Game of Thrones has been languishing on my shelf for a good while now, and having finished it, I wish I'd read it sooner. There is so much happening in this book. Everyone has their own story, as well as the bigger picture, the battle for the throne. The characters are incredible, all of them. Jon, Khal Drogo, Daenerys, Arya, Tyrion, Jaime. And then there's Ned. Let me just say, I love wolves, so I wasn't overly upset at Ned's fate. I hated the parts where animals die, and there is a lot of th...more
p2701
aVThis is the first in the 'Song of Ice & Fire' (5 books out now) story. I'm amazed that I haven't read this till now. Its a wonderful, if HUGE, book. Written with each chapter telling the story of a major character & an intertwined plot.Not for the faint of heart, or anyone who minds a great deal of violence, infidelity, & a step aside from reality.This is an HBO? series now & I'm sure it will become more known (to those of us who haven't heard of it till now). Mr. Martin is a mig...more
p2702
aVSo I only knew vaguely that Game of Thrones was new show on HBO until recently. I started watching it on HBO on demand and was totally hooked on it. It's definitely a violent and sometimes sexually explicit show but what I like about it is that it cuts absolutely no corners and never compromises. Also, the plot is so epic and yet the characters' personalities are so developed that I just couldn't help but get sucked in. After I watched the first season, I got the book and just finished it a coup...more
p2703
aVI just finished reading this book and I have to say, "Wow!" This may be my favorite book of all time. No, really. It's amazingly complex, has an exquisite setting, wonderfully developed characters and I am completely engrossed. I have to know what happens next, but I don't have the second book yet. I think I'll stop writing this review so that I can get in my car and go buy the next book in the series...TWO WEEKS LATER: Okay, that review was more of a cheer than a review. Now that some time has...more
p2704
aVWow. I had goosebumps finishing this book. While the all of the major plot points had been spoiled for me by the show I wallowed in the details I had missed. from the missing battle scenes to the explanation of tactics I loved the tactics and the depth of thought put into the intricate and twisting plots and subplots. I have a few quibbles. there is nothing worse than finishing a great chapter then turning the page and having to read from Sansa's point of view. There are only a few characters I...more
p2705
aV   I only read this after the HBO show started and I'm absolutely annoyed at myself that I hadn't heard of this series earlier because this book was incredible! I finished this book in a little over a week. Do not be discouraged by the length because the writing is so engaging, the places flew by. I kept opening the book intending to read 50 and ended up reading 150. I honestly do not have a favorite character because all of them were so well-thought out and beautifully crafted. Plus it has a real...more
p2706
aVIt was extremely good. Characters and mythology are very well developed. This first book is a bit light on some of the hallmarks of the fantasy genre, there's not a lot of magic or sorcery, etc. But that doesn't mean it isn't very compelling.(view spoiler)[After the first loss of a major character and then the second, you come to understand that the story is really the main character and accept that all characters may be impermanent as events unfold. In that way, the resounding affects on those...more
p2707
aVI have been an avid reader all of my life and anytime I have attempted to read a book this long, I gave up early.  They just tend to be long because of lots of boring details.  But not A Game of Thrones.  The first 400 pages (I never thought I would say that) were really good and the last 400 pages were incredibly good.  For the first half I could put it down but was always ready and anxious to get back to it.  The second half made me resentful of all intrusions on my time that pulled me away from re...more
p2708
aVit's strength lies in the interesting, engrossing structure. the plot moves along gracefully and unpredictably but even the more silly fantastical elements (the undead, dragons, etc.) are used sparingly and in a logical, cause and effect way that makes them believable and not just lazy deus ex machina tricks.the major weakness (and one that might be difficult for many to stomach) is that the depictions of sex (FAR more than necessary even without the laughable sexposition scenes of the HBO adapt...more
p2709
aVI'm currently watching the show and was loaned the books so I thought I'd give them a read. I found it very entertaining.  There are lots of strong believable characters who are fun to read. The stakes are high and no one is safe so you don't know what will happen next. The episodic chapters were frustrating at times. You leave one character at a really exciting point to spend a few chapters with less compelling characters, but I guess that's the nature of the beast when the book covers so many c...more
p2710
aVI read this book sometime in the 2000's and devoured it. Its a great book, and actually my favorite in the series so far. Tyrion is my favorite character, but the auther writes so well all his characters come to life for you, even the ones you don't really like. This book is not for the squeamish!!! Martin has no trouble killing off characters or with torture (including children). But it is a fantastic fantasy book (the HBO show based on this series is great so far too, Peter Dinklage as Tyrion...more
p2711
aVI hovered between liking it and giving 4 stars for really liking it. It reads right along, and it is strong stuff. I may end up really liking this series, or I may not. It has a lot of the kind of ingredients I like -- great sense of setting, geography, vivid characters and situations, supernatural horror and regular human gore. But sometimes - a little too often - the characters have to be stupid or crazy to make the plot twists work out. And the mothers in this story are all nuts or loose cann...more
p2712
aVCouldn't put it down. Great story, well-written, with strong characters and a fully drawn, interesting fantasy world. I like the way Martin doesn't give you all the background at once, but rather lets little bits and pieces drop as the story calls for them and lets you kind of fill in the blanks. The prologue gives the entire thing an undertone of foreboding: the reader knows that, indeed, winter IS coming in a big way that the characters probably can't even imagine. A couple of sequences are ab...more
p2713
aVBegan reading it as a result of the upcoming HBO series. No man is in a better position to harshly critique a film adaptation that one who has read the source material.Little or no magic elements in this particular book of the series. The writing is of high quality, particularly for this genre. I am aware of the general sentiment that the number of characters and moving first person accounts can be confusing, but I got used to it and it didn't pose an insurmountable problem. One has difficulty i...more
p2714
aVHmmm... I give Double R props for the breadth and scope of the world he's created and the myriad characters that inhabit it. The problem for me is that I (who usually adore an epic) may have been overwhelmed by the scope and disappointed by the loss of characters to whom I'd become quite attached. Further, there are certain characters who seem to hijack the narrative for several hundred pages -- that's you, Tyrion! -- and I wish I had been more interested in them.I'm not usually a series reader...more
p2715
aVI read this (and the following two books in the series) so long ago that I a) couldn't remember any of the plot except that there was a dwarf and someone fell out of a window, and b) don't remember when it was that I actually read them last. I figure it's got to be more than a decade! With the HBO TV series looming, it was clearly long past time for a re-read.I now feel very lucky that I've essentially been able to read this for the first time, for a second time :) GRRM does a brilliant job of j...more
p2716
aVNo good deed goes unpunished.This book is incredibly well written and compelling.  One of the ways I get myself to work out is that I'm only allowed to read while on the elliptical or treadmill.  This book kept me on longer because I had to know what happened.  The each characters' stories were well thought out and woven together like an amazing tapestry and I enjoyed how we didn't have to see every detail, which would've bogged down the storytelling.  I totally understand why people love this book...more
p2717
aVAll I can say is - HBO better attempt to do the book justice or there'll be fisticuffs. :|
p2718
aVGame of Thrones, by George R. R. Martin\u005ct\u005ct4 of 5Clash of Kings, by George R. R. Martin   Fantasy\u005ctI tried to read the first one on the plane to Portland, OR, but it was just too boring.  Then when it was time to come home, my sister said to give it another try\u005cu2014I\u005cu2019m glad I did.  This is a sweeping fantasy following many characters, brothers and sisters who found wolf pups of unusual powers, Winter returning after many years of Summer, evil things gathering in the North, and many fighting for power.  I\u005cu2019ve...more
p2719
aVI found myself with a full set of the series and six months worth of a long train commute to work and decided to go for it, if only in the interest of completing a big reading project.Not great, but readable and pretty darn enjoyable. I actually like that I don't completley love the series, because when I love a book I tend to get really invested in characters, and so many characters die in this series that I'd be on an emotional roller coaster if I was more invested in them.The changing perspec...more
p2720
aVI have not seen the HBO series. I liked this book enough that I will read the next in the series. With over 21 thousand reviews some of which go on and on I'll be brief. This book get four stars, three for the all too common, but well done overall plot and theme, plus one more for the character based chapter format. This book does not come close to the story I have given 5 stars to, \u005cu201cThe Name of the Wind" by Patrick Rothfuss.
p2721
aVI went into this expecting to hate it. I liked the HBO series, but felt that the series' success rested heavily on the actors. What a surprise that I enjoyed A Song of Fire and Ice as much as I did.  (Example, not nuts about the Khal Drogo moments in the series, but love the nuances esp from Danny in the books). Excellent world building, and he created some very compelling characters. And the threat of the "Others" is handled way better in the book than the series (honestly, the season finale mad...more
p2722
aVWhat could I say that haven't already been said?*Complex and realistic world (geography, sociology, historical background) and plot,*Vivid gallery of characters with deep psychology, *Prose alternating the points of view of very different persons, *Strong themes like fate, coming of age, etc. treated in a non manichean way, *Very interesting work on prolepses through symbols and the Stark kids' alter egoes (the direwolves),Etc...Note that this is not your typical fantasy, this is more a fictive...more
p2723
aVThis book really amaze me. The story line is unexpected, great vocabulary was used. The characters were amazing. The storyline is great. The conflict of the story are all well planned.No doubt about it George R.R. Martin has really planned to write this book, it doesn't implies that the other writers aren't is just that, George R.R. Martin, despite many side stories like the Night Walker has somehow have its unity despite is is very separate and very distinct to the main story. Well, because i g...more
p2724
aVI'm really torn about this book. I was completely overwhelmed by the amount of characters in the beginning. Once I got a character map it went much better, but I was trudging through it for the first 400 pages. Suddenly I found myself interested, and by the end I was actually enjoying it. I will also say (though I knew it was a series), I'm a bit disappointed that there is really NO closure whatsoever at the end making you NEED to read the second book. I might read the next one, but more likely...more
p2725
aVOverall this book has multiple twists and turns as it follows the lives of different families, specifically in this book the family of Stark. This science-fiction novel portrays many moral families and different family dynamics as each chapter focuses on individuals from each of the "houses". The only issue I have with this book (or for that matter this series) is that they are needing full attention from the reader and can sometimes be easily put down if other priorities are present. Yet, whene...more
p2726
aVI have tried so hard to read books containing kings, queens, knights, and all those fantasies and I tell you, this genre isn't my type until I came across a tv show entitled "Game of thrones" which was interesting but got even better once I got a hold of the original story book by George R.R.Martin...once I started reading this while watching.the series from time to time, I got engrossed! This is a one of a kind story in its particular genre... seldom will you get bored for there will always be...more
p2727
aVThis is the ultimate fantasy series (even tho not yet complete).  Complex plot, intriguing characters, compulsively readable.  I knew I wasn't reading the standard issue when the man who I thought would be the hero died 50 pages in.  These volumes are the source for the splendid HBO series.  If you enjoy fantasy and don't mind a large helping of sex and violence, cannot recommend this series highly enough.The other volumes are:(2)  A Clash of Kings(3)  A Storm of Swords(4)  A Feast for Crows(5)  A Dance...more
p2728
aVAfter reading the 800 something pages of this book, i am as confused as i was when i was in earlier chapters\u005cu2026 the book has a never ending range of characters that are added if one losses its life\u005cu2026 it was like remembering one very famous greek monster - Hydra, with many heads and every time one is cut off two more pops out\u005cu2026 i felt like the hero who cut off Hydra's heads\u005cu2026 the book is politically driven and shadows the cunning that goes in par with all politics, it is a land that no honest man will...more
p2729
aVA Game of Thrones has been widely recommended to me by friends and acquaintances who read all different types of novels, and I felt I couldn't put off reading it any longer though the storyline wasn't appealing to me. I considered watching the show instead, but felt that as a book lover I should be true to the original and read the books before beginning the hbo version.The fantasy elements in a Game of Thrones are very ....mild? Except for the first chapter, and one incident later in the story,...more
p2730
aVVery fun read. Knights, blood riders, direwolves, living dead, and dragons. Lots of intrigue and manipulation. What I liked most is that nothing good happens to anyone in this story. It is not a feel good book where the good guys win. The most ruthless and heartless survive, much like in real life. It is clearly just the beginning of what is going to be a long series, but is pretty awesome.My only problem with this book was that I read it right after V. which was so amazingly written it made the...more
p2731
aVG.R.R. Martin is a very good writer; in the top echelon of whom I've read.  This book is fiction, but has many elements from the European days of knights, castles, thieves, and princesses.  The author has definitely done his research and adds in details that make the story come alive.  More importantly, while on the topic of really bringing the reader into the story, the good guys don't always win, the bad guys don't always loose, and the line between good and bad is blurry at best.  IF a book (talk...more
p2732
aVExcellent book - started reading it after watching the first season of the HBO series. The first season, at least, follows the book very closely, although there is a much richer back story and history in the book. Toward the end, there is also a more complicated plot line developing that would be difficult to match in a television show.The book is written very well, the details are great, and it is one of the few fantasy series I've not been able to figure out easily. This is a great read for th...more
p2733
aVWow! This book was LONG. Martin does not spare any detail. On the plus side, this means that it is extremely easy to envision this fantastical world. I truly felt like I was there while I was reading this. However, the detail also made parts of the book seem laborious and tedious. It was very easy to put this book down for a long period of time and read other things, but I am extremely glad that I stuck by it and finally finished! I look forward to reading book 2 and beyond. I thought that the s...more
p2734
aVI'd already seen the first season of the HBO show when I began reading this, so it wasn't as lively a read because I knew what was coming and the series is fairly true to the book.  The point of view of each chapter is that of one character and Martin develops each well.  Certain characters interest me more than others, so the those chapters are more interesting to me.  I do recommend this book which draws from some medieval traditions even though it is set in a fictitious kingdom.  I'm reading the...more
p2735
aVAbsolutely wonderful. Enthralling, exciting, very descriptive. Can't put it down. 
p2736
aVJust finished this - quite intense at times but compulsive and genuinely enjoyable. Reading a couple of other things before I move onto book two though (even though I already own it!). Can't wait to watch the HBO series as well.Loved the perspective chapter form. Interesting to see how Daenerys' story will come together with that of the Starks and Lannisters. Quite a lot of tragedy already so on tenterhooks waiting to see what happens to everyone - keep worrying about who will die! Really want R...more
p2737
aVNot my usual genre, but having just finished watching the television serious I couldnt resist comparing. I was so impressed that the tv version was so true to the book, and I was instantly hooked by the way the author changes point of view to tell the story. It is well paced, with enough overlap and gaps in the narrative for the reader to create a vivid picture in their minds eye. I devoured the whole series in two months and couldnt wait for 'Dance of Dragons' to hit the shelf. The characters a...more
p2738
aVI didn't begin reading this series until after the first season of the HBO television series.   What I enjoyed most about reading GOT was it really helped me understand the storyline and each of the characters so much better.  The references in the back of the book for each of the Houses helped me keep a lot of the characters straight and their relation to each other, as well as the fictional maps of the kingdoms.  I don't really consider myself a fantasy nerd, but I do enjoy the genre and I always...more
p2739
aVThis book was recommended by my next door neighbour and is a fantastic start to the Game of Thrones series. One of the things I really lie about it is the way the author doesn't shy away from killing (or maiming) any of the main characters, even when one of them just happens to be providing the narrative. I enjoyed it so much I went straight round to my neighbour and borrowed the second book in the series!Season 1 of the TV series is based on this book, and whereas there is a lot that has been c...more
p2740
aVTHIS BOOK IS AMAZING!!!!!!!!I watched the tv series before reading the book. The flow of the story is quite the same in the tv series and in the book. This is one of those books wherein you can't just ge enough of it, and luckily enough GRRM wrote 5 books. I hope thats enough to satisfy me and doesn't leave me hanging and thinking about what happens to the characters.I really like this book since its fast-paced. Some authors are afraid to kill their main characters but GRRM is not a typical auth...more
p2741
aVDespite how often we seem to get wrapped up in created universes whether it be written (books), coded (video games), or filmed (tv/movies) it isn't as often that you see one created with this much care. If only just finished this one and I already can't wait to pick up A Storm of Swords. It makes me want to have been involved with this world sooner (only I was eleven when this book came out).Martin writes in his acknowledgements that "the devil is in the details...a book this size has a lot of d...more
p2742
aVI was given this book by a colleague in Doha when we visited last month. I started this 800+ page book out of courtesy and finished it while in Zanzibar, enthralled and exhausted from several late nights of reading. I have given "A Game of Thrones" 3 stars because of the unnecessary explicit sexual content in the beginning of the book. The story is fascinating, though, and I like the portrayal of the complexities of the battle between good and evil. This is the first book in a 7-part series that...more
p2743
aV\u005cu0427\u005cu0438\u005cu0442\u005cu0430\u005cu0442\u005cu044c \u005cu043f\u005cu0435\u005cu0440\u005cu0432\u005cu044b\u005cu0439 \u005cu0440\u005cu043e\u005cu043c\u005cu0430\u005cu043d \u005cu0441\u005cu0435\u005cu0440\u005cu0438\u005cu0438 \u005cu043f\u005cu043e\u005cu0441\u005cu043b\u005cu0435 \u005cu043f\u005cu0440\u005cu043e\u005cu0441\u005cu043c\u005cu043e\u005cu0442\u005cu0440\u005cu0430 \u005cu043f\u005cu0435\u005cu0440\u005cu0432\u005cu043e\u005cu0433\u005cu043e \u005cu0441\u005cu0435\u005cu0437\u005cu043e\u005cu043d\u005cu0430 \u005cu043e\u005cu043a\u005cu0430\u005cu0437\u005cu0430\u005cu043b\u005cu043e\u005cu0441\u005cu044c \u005cu0447\u005cu0440\u005cu0435\u005cu0437\u005cu0432\u005cu044b\u005cu0447\u005cu0430\u005cu0439\u005cu043d\u005cu043e \u005cu0442\u005cu043e\u005cu0441\u005cu043a\u005cu043b\u005cu0438\u005cu0432\u005cu043e. \u005cu041a\u005cu0430\u005cu043a \u005cu0441\u005cu043b\u005cu0443\u005cu0448\u005cu0430\u005cu0442\u005cu044c \u005cu043f\u005cu043e \u005cu0432\u005cu0442\u005cu043e\u005cu0440\u005cu043e\u005cu043c\u005cu0443 \u005cu0440\u005cu0430\u005cu0437\u005cu0443 \u005cu0434\u005cu043b\u005cu0438\u005cu043d\u005cu043d\u005cu0443\u005cu044e \u005cu0438\u005cu0441\u005cu0442\u005cu043e\u005cu0440\u005cu0438\u005cu044e, \u005cu043a\u005cu043e\u005cu0442\u005cu043e\u005cu0440\u005cu0443\u005cu044e \u005cu0440\u005cu0430\u005cu0441\u005cu0441\u005cu043a\u005cu0430\u005cu0437\u005cu044b\u005cu0432\u005cu0430\u005cu0435\u005cu0442 \u005cu043f\u005cu0440\u005cu0438\u005cu044f\u005cu0442\u005cu0435\u005cu043b\u005cu044c. \u005cu041d\u005cu0430 \u005cu0447\u005cu0442\u005cu0435\u005cu043d\u005cu0438\u005cu0435 \u005cu043f\u005cu043e \u005cu0447\u005cu0430\u005cu0439\u005cu043d\u005cu043e\u005cu0439 \u005cu043b\u005cu043e\u005cu0436\u005cu043a\u005cu0435 (\u005cu0431\u005cu043e\u005cu043b\u005cu044c\u005cu0448\u005cu0435 \u005cu0437\u005cu0430 \u005cu0440\u005cu0430\u005cu0437 \u005cu043d\u005cu0435 \u005cu043b\u005cu0435\u005cu0437\u005cu043b\u005cu043e) \u005cu0432 \u005cu0438\u005cu0442\u005cu043e\u005cu0433\u005cu0435 \u005cu0443\u005cu0448\u005cu043b\u005cu043e \u005cu043f\u005cu043e\u005cu043b\u005cu0433\u005cu043e\u005cu0434\u005cu0430. \u005cu0423\u005cu0444. \u005cu0412\u005cu0442\u005cu043e\u005cu0440\u005cu0443\u005cu044e \u005cu0447\u005cu0430\u005cu0441\u005cu0442\u005cu044c \u005cu043f\u005cu0440\u005cu043e\u005cu0447\u005cu0442\u005cu0443 \u005cu0434\u005cu043e \u005cu043f\u005cu0440\u005cu043e\u005cu0441\u005cu043c\u005cu043e\u005cu0442\u005cu0440\u005cu0430 \u005cu0432\u005cu0442\u005cu043e\u005cu0440\u005cu043e\u005cu0433\u005cu043e \u005cu0441\u005cu0435\u005cu0437\u005cu043e\u005cu043d\u005cu0430. \u005cu0418\u005cu043d\u005cu0430\u005cu0447\u005cu0435 \u005cu2013 \u005cu0442\u005cu0430\u005cu043a \u005cu0438 \u005cu043d\u005cu0435 \u005cu043f\u005cu043e\u005cu0439\u005cu043c\u005cu0443, \u005cu0447\u005cu0442\u005cu043e \u005cu044d\u005cu0442\u005cu043e \u005cu0442\u005cu0430\u005cu043a\u005cu043e\u005cu0435.
p2744
aVI don't know how a book can give a person serious withdrawal symptoms, let alone the chronic anxiety that comes with it. I read this book in 2 days flat, throwing away my school work along with the life I once had (and still don't have, mind you, since I'm only on the 3rd book).Anyway, this book is fan-fucking-tastc, and everyone should just go ahead and buy them all. Don't even bother with the library, it's a series you will WANT to own. I don't know if its the narration, or the writing, or the...more
p2745
aVReceived as a Christmas gift, I was reluctant to read it since it's not usually a genre that interests me.  Then after about 50 pages I was even less certain - SO many characters, how was I ever going to keep it straight?  By 75 pages I was hooked and totally caught up in the lives of the characters.  Sort of fantasy since there's talk of giants and dragons but mostly medieval in feeling and societal structure, the characters are memorable and well drawn.  Each chapter focuses on the happenings of a...more
p2746
aVMore than half-way through this massive book I was invested enough in the characters to be hooked...now I'm in for the long haul, I suppose. I really dislike books that yank you from character to character, setting to setting, keeping you in one person's point of view only long enough to regain your bearings and get interested (again) before leaving you hanging and jumping to another place and person.  I don't mind this strategy as a way to begin a book...but this 900+ page behemoth reads more li...more
p2747
aVDebo admitir que cuando llego a este tipo de novelas lo hago con cierto af\u005cu00e1n de encontrar que es aquello que ubica al libro dentro de las lista de los m\u005cu00e1s vendidos y hace que este en todos los anaqueles principales de todas las librerias. Admito que puede ser un gusto culp\u005cu00edgeno, pero a veces produce buenos resultados. Este es el caso para el "Juego de tronos" aceptablemente entretenida y con una an\u005cu00e9cdota que mantiene el inter\u005cu00e9s estilo novela de follet\u005cu00edn. Mundo alternativo aceptable con una socie...more
p2748
aVI'm glad I saw the HBO series before reading the first book because I know how to say the names correctly now.  Also, the book and show compliment each other perfectly, with the series even taking dialogue verbatim from the book.  It really is a great supplement to the book because it brings to life the characters and events you have in your head and recreates them perfectly on screen.  A Game of Thrones is a good book in its own right, full of intrigue, suspense, and fantasy, and is the only serie...more
p2749
aVI'm not usually a fan of fantasy books, and this book took about 50 pages to get into. The author writes each chapter focusing on a different character, and it takes about 50 pages before they start to repeat and you get the hang of who's who (and who calls them by different names).  I only discovered after reaching the end of the Kindle edition that there was an appendix in the back with all of the different houses and the characters. Once I got past my initial "ugh, it's fantasy with knights an...more
p2750
aVIt was just as well I was in a good mood when I read this book. It was all doom doom doom. And he kept getting me fond of characters and then killing them or doing something horrible to them. I found myself distancing myself emotionally from all the characters, which is a shame because for me, getting to know and love a character is an important part of reading. That said, I couldn't just abandon the book, I did want to know what was going to happen. I am just giving myself a big rest before I l...more
p2751
aVthis is hollow, shallow, weak, and lazy fiction.  Lazy is a little too harsh in that Martin puts a lot of effort into dreaming up the details of his imaginary world.  Yet once you recognize the pattern, you can ultimately guess the outcome to every major character who exhibits any noble trait.  I became bored after the second book, frustrated that every action would turn to tragedy. If he would try to claim reality in such defense of his literature, it would only validate the judgement of lazy writ...more
p2752
aVThe last thing I needed was to get sucked into a series of 800+ page books.  Alas...
p2753
aVThis book is quite amazing. George R R Martin's imagination just blows my mind. This book is nothing like I ever read before in that their are so many different viewpoints that you get to read from in the book and IT WORKS. WOW! If you watched the show it follows so closely to the book its scary. Unfortunately I watched the show before for reading so their were no HUGE surprises in the book, but there were still a few surprises that I enjoyed. I think seeing the show before reading did take away...more
p2754
aVit took about 200 pages before i actually got into it.  Almost gave up several times....
p2755
aVFantasy genre, first in the series, lords and ladies, omens, plots/counterplots, violent deaths, strong characters. On the topic of characters, however, just a few words of caution; many of the characters have more than one name, several have three names (ex Lord Baelish, aka Petyr, aka Littlefinger) and the author uses all of the names interchangeably throughout the book, so keeping track of them is quite challenging; several characters have similar names, for example, in one battle scene "Qoth...more
p2756
aVThis was the most complicated book I think I have ever read. But it was also one of the greatest. The amount of characters caused me to constantly have to go back and reread a chapter because I couldn\u005cu2019t remember who had said what. After a few hundred pages, I finally got the hang of it and was able to read without needing to go back.My absolute favorite thing about this book was the fact the the main characters, and even most of the side characters, are extremely well fleshed out. They have dist...more
p2757
aVThe release of the TV series prompted me to read the series before consuming the AV.  Well, it's an epic fantasy tale; it's relatively dramatic (in an interpersonal sense), gritty, and convoluted and I can see why it was chosen for TV, but I'm not getting what makes this a stand-out series.  Sure there's a ton of build-up but nothing that implies the resolution will be anything extraordinary.  I appreciate the morally grey reality and Tyrion (every other character falls into a pretty well defined n...more
p2758
aVGetting through this book was hard. A couple of times I went back to the beginning only because I felt I had missed something. There are tons of characters, politics, plots, sub plots, intrigue, incest - you name it, it has it. But once you get through first couple of hundred pages I felt the story picked up and I started to get used to all the characters and more familiar with all the plots. It's easy to get lost so you really have to pay attention but overall the author did a fantastic job of...more
p2759
aVGeorge R. R. Martin has such a beautiful way of creating scene, character, and action. So many characters are included in this book, but none of them get confused. One thing leads to the next and it always kept me guessing. My mouth fell open hundreds of times because I was surprised. What you don't expect to happen, does happen and what you don't want to happen, does. Yet it all seems to be what is meant to happen. Schemes, knights, princes, nobles, peasants, direwolves, burned men, evil tyrant...more
p2760
aVIf you like descriptions of what characters are eating and wearing, you have come to the right place!  Okay, so there is a lot of that, but so far I really like this series.  Normally with an epic fantasy series like this, by the time I get to the third book, I'm bored.  I am hoping this will not be the case with A Song of Ice And Fire but for now I'm impressed and plan on reading A Clash of Kings soon.  There are mostly just hints of the supernatural in this book, but there are promises of the fant...more
p2761
aVThis series sounds like it's going to become almost as well known as The Lord of the Rings, based on the HBO series' popularity so far.My sister suggested these books to me (and let me borrow them).  There's so much changing intrigue, and the point of view changes in every chapter, through the eyes of multiple main characters.  I like most of them well, though a couple of people's sections are a bit tedious to me.Biggest thing to me is...I can't believe how much death there is!  That, right there,...more
p2762
aVHalfway Through // Normally I don't go for courtly dramas, even when there is a bit of fighting and tactics incorporated into the work. This work, somehow, seemed to capture me. The intrigues weren't devilishly hidden and I found myself rooting for certain characters to actually turn out on the side of good and not evil. I am only halfway through, so we shall see how it all ends up, but I find myself to be invested with almost all of the main characters in one way or another, which makes me actu...more
p2763
aVLoved it.. A complex net of characters and storylines that had me reaching for other books but wanting to know more. I think my fave characters were Arya and Jon. I also loved Daenerys and Dragho (view spoiler)[ but can't believe what happened to them at the end! Seriously, he dies? I was hoping for at least one romance to cheer for in this series! (hide spoiler)]. As to the characters I hated, hands down, Sansa - what a spoiled little brat! seriously! I didn't even feel sorry for her! And her m...more
p2764
aVI keep wavering between four and five stars. Let's just call it four and a half and be done with it.This book has a lot of strengths. It has a complex and interesting plot that avoids all of the tired fantasy cliches that plague the genre. The setting and events seem fresh and engaging, rather than a tired re-hash of Lord of the Rings, and the world is gritty and realistic, portraying medieval intrigue and violence without attempting to glamorize it. There isn't actually all that much 'fantasy'...more
p2765
aVVery good...fast paced.  I read it again as I started watching the HBO series...
p2766
aV   A Game of Thrones is [definitely-]adult fiction that is very satisfyingly complex.  It is book one of seven, and the shortest of those published thus far.  This book does not end any of the plot lines it follows, though I still felt some satisfaction at the state of affairs held at the end.  Chapters are titled according to the point of view of the character featured in that chapter, which makes it easy to identify whether or not you'd like to take a break (not all plot lines were equally interest...more
p2767
aVThis book is bound to be considered a classic, be it now or in the years to come! 
p2768
aVThis is one of those books that took me a while to read, not because of the length but because of the sheer intensity of some of the chapters. I knew something momentous was going to happen, and I was so wrapped up in the story and characters that I was afraid one of my favorites would die or make a decision that would destroy everything. Yes, I'm that into it.Martin has a great writing style, epic without being overly verbose, but what really hooked me were the characters. There are a LOT of th...more
p2769
aVThis book is short on fantasy but long on intrique and fighting.  Well-crafted in that it is made up of short chapters rotating between eight characters with each chapter ending after an engaging or surprising plot development.  But with eight characters to learn plus a fantasy land plus a fantasy language there is a lot of investment needed by the reader before being comfortable in this world.  It's also the first of a series of at least four books and at over 600 pages the shortest book in the se...more
p2770
aVThe only reason I do not give this 5 stars is it takes a little work to get into it. There are so many characters introduced, and different story lines being woven together, it really takes some time to start to understand where things are going and what everyone has to do with each other and so on. And it's just plain hard to keep track of all the characters and places at times (the appendix and maps help a lot). But I encourage you to soldier through it, and I think you will become hooked by a...more
p2771
aVAnother brilliant fantasy epic, this one set in an alternate kings, queens, knights and serfs place a bit like a Europe in the grip of an Ice Age.  Martin's vision is grim; characters that you expect to follow all the way through the story -- and of whom you're fond -- suddenly get killed.  His message, I think, is that it's a nasty world where s**t happens, and the race goes to the most ruthless, except when someone steals a march on the most ruthless.  This book is the first of 4 or 5 in the seri...more
p2772
aVGeorge R.R. Martin loves playing with your emotions. He will tear your heart out, give you a transplant, and tear it out once more. If you do not want to be toyed with, this is not your book. However, if you want a world that is fleshed out and believable then this is for you. The characters are interesting, heroic, and some are quite disturbing. The land and lore are so real and mysterious that you find yourself wanting to learn more. All in all, the experience is a roller-coaster ride of twist...more
p2773
aVI'm normally not much into the fantasy genre, but after watching the HBO series, I decided to read the books to see what happens next.  More than just a story about knights and dragons, Martin weaves a complex and captivating story with interesting characters that inspire real respect or loathing.  I particularly enjoy the attention to detail regarding the quality of life in the medieval world of Westeros from banquets and lordly excess to how people survive when they have hardly a penny to their...more
p2774
aVSo I was kind of pressured into reading this book right now, but I'm so glad I did.  This is a master work of storytelling that moves at a great pace.  Martin does a really nice job of getting you interested in all characters and viewpoints.  Westeros is a hard place to live, and there are some really violent things that happen, but the story and the struggles keep you going the entire time.  For those people who've only seen the HBO series I'm a little sad.  The book was so much deeper, and gave suc...more
p2775
aVI liked the book, but it really isn't a self contained novel.  Nothing really resolves itself in the 800+ pages, and I really didn't feel the continuity of a story that was building itself from the beginning.  The twists are so localized to the chapter in which they occur, that I kind of felt a strange detachment to characters that many pages were spent on.  Martin certainly keeps things interesting, though, as I never got ahead of where the book was going.  Which I like and dislike at the same time...more
p2776
aVIt's amazing how much was lifted directly from the book for the TV show. Going in, I would have thought that a great deal of the dialogue had been punched up for the change from print to TV but whole passages and entire exchanges were laid down here first. As such, there's really very little for a person coming in from the show to find that's new but it's still excellent. It will make you want to watch the show again, a downside if you're just really busy. But now I'm faced with a quandary of wh...more
p2777
aVI picked this up after becoming hooked on the television series.  A wonderful suprise for me, so many fanstasy stories are heavily indebted to Tolkien's work, Martin's Game of Thrones derives its basic theme of dynastic conflicts from the Arthurian, not to mention knights, jousts, a huge wall to keep the kingdom safe from savage tribes, old gods vs. new gods, etc ...  Martin works in great detail to make his world authentic.  The characters are nuanced and changing, the plotting nimble yet forceful...more
p2778
aVThere are good details to be found in this book, but the one thing I found sadly lacking was a strong and likeable female character that wasn't a stereotype.  Firstly, I can't imagine any ruler's daughters being so clueless as to blindly trust the lies of the members of another ruling house.  No matter how sheltered they have been, these children had to have seen people lying to her father all the time--it's human nature to be afraid of the wrath of or to suck up to someone in power, and you'd hav...more
p2779
aVBrilliant.The world is so detailed, interesting and vivid that I would be hooked even if the storyline was boring. I also love the way that a chapters heading is a characters name and it is that characters point of view. It is one of those books where you can tell that the author knows just about everything about the characters, the worlds history and maybe even what lands lie beyond where the story is set. I could definitely see George R R Martin writing more books and several short stories set...more
p2780
aVWell, I did read this book AFTER watching the first season of Game of Thrones(and by after I mean like right after watching the last episode), so it was a bit boring and long for me. It was like reading a script to a movie I just watched, which is a good thing too because the series are amazing, and the book is even beyond amazing! Most characters are very likeable and interesting to read about. And I love the way George R.R Martin writes, from the point of view of different characters; I've nev...more
p2781
aVA good book with interesting characters, but pretty dense. It took me well over half the book before I was "hooked" and couldn't put it down. I'm sure the complexity only gets worse as the series goes on. But I definitely want to keep reading. The back and forth narration between characters gets a little annoying because I certainly cared more about certain characters' stories than others and often wasn't ready to switch perspective. You are also left not knowing what has happened to a particula...more
p2782
aVGrowing up with Harry Potter, I never thought I'd find a fantasy series that I loved as much as that. Boy, was I wrong.This is literally one of my favorite series I've ever read. It beautifully written, and constantly changing. The intricate world GRRM created is mind blowing. You begin the series in this book with a handful of characters whose lives overlap in all different ways, and slowly he introduces you to dozens and dozens of characters.... yet it still all makes sense. GRRM is the king o...more
p2783
aVAfter reading this book, I just asked myself one question, "WHY ONLY NOW?!" I felt I was so late, like super late. I am still 4 books away. Grrrr...I first heard and saw the words "Game of Thrones" in the HBO channel while I was browsing TV stations. It seemed so contemporary, so medieval, so old, and wait... so British... That is why it doesn't really attracted me nor caught my attention at once. Perhaps because I am not a fan of that kind of genre.But when my friend, Ate Mac, suggested and rec...more
p2784
aVOne way to judge a book, although not always accurate, is how fast you read it. This is a fairly large book but I found the back of it approaching at an amazing speed. Essentially, it's like seven or so good books that got ran through a food processor and then were sewn back together. This technique has always annoyed me, because by the end of one chapter I really want to know what's going to happen next to the character and instead we start following another. I shout, out loud, "I don't care ab...more
p2785
aVSo happy to understand the joke in the ski shop window sign: "winter is coming," and to get the "shaggydog" t-shirts.  I feel like I am once again in step with the greater culture; sort of like knowing who Dorothy is.  That aside, this is a good read.  Put your time in with the map and the family trees and you will be rewarded with a rich, engaging yarn that makes you actually look forward to the layover in the Charlotte aiport.  As always, I recommend reading before watching, though you've got to w...more
p2786
aVInteresting and fun for what it is: a thousand pages of great storytelling and great characters, with a copious exchange of vulgar humor, sword strokes, and genitalia (think Shakespeare--if he wrote only for the lower classes. No wonder SoIaF fits so well into HBO format!) As to the purpose of it all--i.e., the plot--from what I've heard, after an additional four books and thousands upon thousands of pages, GRRM doesn't know what his purpose or plot is either. I'm glad I read this supposedly gro...more
p2787
aV  Thank gods it's over - ill watch the DVD for the next 3000 pages!
p2788
aVI am a die-hard fan of the fantasy genre, and this novel does not disappoint. The story is excellent, the characters are personable, and the conflicts keep the reader coming back for more. Overall, George R. R. Martin's writing is tight AND dynamic - he keeps the story moving while giving enough detail to fully engross the reader.  My guess is Martin is a fan of Shakespeare: he captures the complexities and intrigues of Shakespeare's history plays, and his characters could claim heritage with som...more
p2789
aVThis is certainly one sprawling, epic read but is nicely paced with short'ish chapters that briskly flows from one character's perspective to another, each ending on cliffhangers of sorts to keep the reader actively engaged and eager to continue plugging along.  Admittedly I did watch the HBO series before reading the book and came away surprised at how faithful the TV adaptation adhered to the source material.  Even if you've already watched Season 1, I still recommend giving this one a proper re...more
p2790
aVIt took me a very long time to read this book, but I got through it and I loved every page. Game of Thrones is considered fantasy, it\u005cu2019s a murder mystery, a political thriller and a family drama in a fantasy setting.  With the exception of the chapters about Daenerys and Tyrion, the book alternatively follows members of the Stark family as they are scattered across a vast kingdom, forced to improvise against well organized forces that tactfully plot against them.  The end definitely screams, \u005cu201cWell,...more
p2791
aVGot introduced to this author because of all the excitement over the HBO series. I liked it. I like how his characters have a lot of history behind them. I am a fan of books in teh style of Tolkien, Eddings, and Cherryh so it did not take much convincing to get me to read this. In this first book, things move along at a pretty good clip, and I liked the 'rythym' I could get into. Lots of characters to keep track of though, although you have a fair idea of who the really important ones are. That...more
p2792
aVI didn't see it coming, but I really liked this book.  Granted, the first several hundred pages are a bit of a chore (which,understandably,could turn some folks off).  There are an infinite cast of characters - you think you've finally gotten them all down and you come to a new one.  But if you give it time, you eventually come to love/loathe them all in their own right, which is really the mark of a good read, right?  I'm on book 3, and I will say that book 1 is the weakest of the set.  I assume tha...more
p2793
aVI borrowed this book from my youngest brother, Lance. I loved the show in HBO and I love Imp's character -- smart and mysterious. I was curious. But Lance was right. It's not for light reading. Though there is beauty in words as it transports you to a totally different place and time, the poignant description of scenery and characters in this book is completely overshadowed by my impatience and need to get to, "So what happened in the end?" That's how bored I was. And that's how anal I am. I hav...more
p2794
aVYes,5 stars. This book is that much amazing! The vastness of the fantasy, rich with details, and the many types of characters with their own characteristic perfected the book.Although with the level of my english, i have to admit I kinda struggle at first with the words and vocabulary, but having seen the tv series did help me with some terms in the book,though i don't recommend you take the series first cause of course it's gonna spoil it.I love how George Martin play with words, how he slip so...more
p2795
aVI wanted to read these books as I really love epic fantasy, and had heard so much about the series.  Some friends had seen the HBO TV show (which I have avoided until I read the 1st book), and said how great it was.  I will note up front that there are spoilers here, so when you see that, don't read further.  Overall, the world and characters are well developed and you definitely grow to love and hate the characters based on their actions.  While this is the 1st book in the series of 5 now, there is...more
p2796
aVLet me start with saying how I dislike Sansa. Could you tell me how much more stupid that girl can be? And at a very young age she says she\u005cu2019s in love with joffrey (and I will never call him king, Gendry would\u005cu2019ve been the heir to the throne if he isn\u005cu2019t a bastard).Stupidest among the stupidest of girls, seriously. I hope she can redeem herself at the end of the story though. I pray Arya would meet Nymeria and safely go back to Winterfell.Ahhh.. Arya. I love that one though. She is a true Stark. I...more
p2797
aVA mindblowing book. Martin really has tapped into a whole new world with this infamous series.The characters were amazing. So 3D I felt like they were all realistic and had true emotions. Some I got along with, like Jon Snow and Catelyn Stark, and others I didn't quite see eye to eye with, like Sansa Stark and Jaime Lannister. I enjoyed the way the book was written, with each chapter written by a different character. I felt you could engage with the certain character more as they could explain t...more
p2798
aVI saw an article about the HBO series when I was looking for something else entirely.  A friend mentioned reading the book, and I was curious.  So I requested it from the library, and when I picked it up I thought OMG I will never read this!  I am a nerd, yes, but even this seemed a little too much like a very long Tolkien wannabe.  Boy was I wrong!I was literally addicted after the first chapter.  Sneaking in chapters between feeding the baby, washing dishes, and staying up waaay too late to read mo...more
p2799
aVI downloaded the Audio Book (MP3), A Game of Thrones, by George R.R. Martin, from BooksOnBoard.com, and enjoyed listening to it very much. The narrator, Roy Dotrice, uses different voices and accents to bring the characters to life. A Game of Thrones is a fictional fantasy with a storyline and interwoven plots of epic proportions. This is the first of five published books in the series, A Song of Fire and Ice.   A Game of Thrones was so compelling  that I have listened to all, presently on the fift...more
p2800
aVThis book is a honey badger. It does not care who you are or how you feel, it will smack you across the face with its awesomeness. The characters are complex and interesting, and the story line is absolutely riveting. It is a difficult book to put down, because every chapter leaves you wanting. It absolutely delivers everything one could ask for in a good fantasy story. There is action, intrigue, sex, religion, love, and you never really know what is to come. The attention to detail and descript...more
p2801
aVThe Game of Thrones series of HBO could not be more loyal to the book. GRRM has his own appeal, his own world, and his own writing style. I was a little bit thrown off because of the narration, which causes you to travel the world from Pentos to King's Landing to the Wall and back. The PoV skips gives me a pause now and then, good for casual reading, not so good for someone like me who likes to read a book straight.Cunning portrayal of kings and queens and highborns and just enough sex and gore...more
p2802
aVAfter all the hype I expected something better than what I found in this book. I thought it was dark and disturbing with very little to redeem it. There were a number of tasteless moments and sexual situations that had little to do with the story.  The characters were typical and a little boring.  I never really felt any attachment to them. The characters of Arya, John and Tyrion were the most interesting, but not enough to keep me reading. It was also fairly predictable. Halfway through the book...more
p2803
aVThe first book in the series was a piece of cake, having already watched the first season of Game of Thrones. I had a clear idea of the characters, who I liked and who I didn't, (Like: Tyrion, Jon Snow, Arya, Danerys. Eh: Eddard, Catelynn. Dislike: Whiny Bran, Cersei, Joffrey) and what was going to happen. The book still rocked. I tore through it, devouring each page like a sweet delicious tart with a side of betrayal. The kingdom of Westeros is fascinating, and I couldn't stop looking at the ma...more
p2804
aVIf someone had told me there was a gaggle of children with pony-sized wolves for pets, a rebellious, sword-fighting high-born tomboy and a girl-power sub-plot involving fast horses I would have picked this up years ago. This is not high literature by any stretch (those that call Martin "The American Tolkien" are delusional, frankly) but it is a rollicking good read with well drawn, complex characters, unexpected plot twists and plenty of action throughout. This is exactly what I needed to pull m...more
p2805
aVI'm of two minds about this book. On the one hand, there are some entertaining elements: mythical creatures, bloody battles, political intrigue. On the other hand, it's A Game of Thrones is not terribly well written: formulaic cliffhangers, predictable plot points, underdeveloped characters. So while I did enjoy it, I was also frustrated by it and a bit disappointed (as I'd heard such good things about it before picking it up). The book focuses on a core group of characters, and author George R....more
p2806
aVI got this book because my friends bought it for me for my birthday. They told me that the game Dragon Age was loosely based on this series (A Song of Ice and Fire), but geez where they wrong. The story is beautifully woven and I was mesmerized by the penmanship. Captivated I could not put the book down. While the series may take off into High-Fantasy and other variations of this genre after the first book, Volume #1: A Game of Thrones introduces the craftsmanship of George R.R Martin to a peerl...more
p2807
aVI checked on the Internet for fantasy books to read and found that George R.R.Martin's books were praised among the bests.After reading the 2 first books, I frankly think this is overrated and feel it is more a commercial stunt that anything else.The plot is very complicated, and full of twists that make it enjoyable enough to read. However, it is overly long and seem to me more like material for endless crap TV serials. I somehow went half-way through the third book before giving up, so I guess...more
p2808
aVI read this after watching the first season of the TV show, which is more entertaining. The prose isn't great and none of the main characters--who are all pretty much automatons of X archetype--are very interesting besides Tyrion and Arya, but the world of the story is exhaustively detailed and the story itself was interesting enough to keep me reading. The descriptions of sex and "foreign" cultures made me roll my eyes but in my limited experience with fantasy books, both sex and different life...more
p2809
aVI picked this up as an attempt to get myself off of a tear through chick-lit that had left me bored with reading.  I'd had a brief period as a teenager where I loved fantasy, so thought I'd give the genre another try...and there was also the motivation of wanting to read before dropping the series in my Netflix queue.  I ended up tearing through the book rather quickly, I just enjoyed all the interwoven stories of the characters.  (Although seriously, reading this you could completely imagine why i...more
p2810
aVI read this one because my favorite librarian recommeded it to me.  She and I have shockingly similar tastes in books.  She loves anything fantasy; werewolves, vampires and even some of this new "steampunk" all the kids are into.  She, like me, is a believer in reading for pure pleasure.  She would be equally at home with a classic as a supernatural-romance.  She has never steered my wrong, so I will continue with the next book in this series, but I had such a hard time getting through this.  There ar...more
p2811
aVI think I have a new series to fall in love with. Lord Eddard Stark being bestowed the office of the Hand by King Robert brings us into a world of feuding houses, characters whose motivations not only richly shape them but wonderfully and treacherously conflict, and with numerous plotlines which all inhabit a world whose scope is truly staggering in its scale. I loved the political aspects in this book (something not done or done well in many novels), the story that emerged, was revealed and tha...more
p2812
aVThis is my first book review and will have spoilers here and there, so the disclaimer is out there.Finished the first novel and on the wait list for the second.  Mostly an enjoyable read, with just a few bits that I needed to struggle through.  The real kicker was the last Dany chapter where he refers to one of the dragons as "her black" or "her red".  It had bugged me the whole book that he would constantly write "her silver" when referring to Dany's horse.  Every other horse was referred to by it'...more
p2813
aVThis is a story of battles, love lost , quest for ultimate power between several families. Be prepared for multiple story lines. Overall the characters were rich in details, the build up of the different houses of power had vast history. There are many sub- characters which truth be told were very confusing. I found myself flipping back to previous chapters looking for a passage I may have missed. I did watch the HBO series "The Game of Thrones " first, so I had wanted to read this book for any...more
p2814
aVPeople have been calling this the modern day Lord of the Ring series, but I found the first book much more approachable and captivating than LOTR. Not to say LOTR isn't great; it is. I just found it hard to read. This book has the same amount of fantasy, intrigue, character studies, suspense and mystery - but without the difficult language and writing style of Tolkien. So if you like LOTR, grew up with brothers and mothers who played Dungeons and Dragons, are into stories of kings and knights an...more
p2815
aVI wish I could give this 6 stars.  Or more!  I immersed myself in this book.  The characters and landscapes were so realistic that I felt like I was transported back to the time of knights and dragons every night.  At one point, I looked at the bottom of the Nook screen and sadly realized I was almost to the end of the 750+ page book... and I was almost giddy when I realized there were 4 more 800+ page books in the series.  Even better - I discovered the HBO series On Demand and am watching the first...more
p2816
aVI watched HBO's first episode of Game of Thrones, then immediately stopped watching to read the book. In the end, I enjoyed it and am continuing on to the rest of the series. A few elements kept me from really being transported by the story, particularly the very short length of each chapter. This made it easy to read in little chunks on the way to and from work, but since each chapter brought a different main character, I had trouble sinking into the story for long periods of time. Just when yo...more
p2817
aVThe hand of the king has died and Eddard Stark is called upon to fulfill the role. Meanwhile, white walkers have been spotted north of \u005cu2018the wall\u005cu2019 and Daenyrus Targaryen, the exiled true heir of the throne, has wed a barbarian king across the narrow sea\u005cu2026.I read this because I tried to watch the TV show and got confused by the array of characters. I\u005cu2019ll be honest, I was intimidated by the book too. Rather than chapters, the perspective changes from one character to another every 5-10 pages. You get...more
p2818
aVCharacters in grey abound in this book. There are few characters (like Lord Ned) who are in white or black. That's part of the beauty of this book. Don't expect spells and enchantments in this book. The Magic is understated and oft hidden. The magic bearers mostly choose to work behind the scenes here. George R R Martin weaves a strong story around his strong characters. In essence the book is what the title says - a Game of Thrones. People fight for the right to rule - the events in the story a...more
p2819
aVI really enjoyed this book. I didn't really think I would because it's not my usual genre. I liked the changing POVs and how each character's personality showed through. While this is probably the longest book I've ever read it didn't really feel like it, I never had one of those "I need to start skimming because I'm going to go insane if I don't finish this book". Every single part was enjoyable, although I did have my favorites and my least favorites but I think that's part of the charm of thi...more
p2820
aVWhen I first got this book I was in the middle of watching the Sky Atlantic TV series and so wasn't keen on starting it for fear of spoiling the ending.  Now it has been a few months since the first series ended I thought I would give it a try.Great book, really enjoyed reading it and made me realise how well the screenwriters had adapted the book as there were no surprises.  Gave me a little more insight into the minds of the characters and a hunger for more.  Watch out for Tyrion Lannister - he m...more
p2821
aVPart of me didn't want to write a review on this book because everyone I know raves about it, and I'm not going to.  Yes, the storytelling is masterful and the world building complex.  But out of the handful of main characters we see throughout this first book, I didn't love any of them.  I liked a few, such as Dany and Jon, and if the book followed more of their stories, I might have liked it a bit more.  But there were more characters I didn't like, and more I was just indifferent to.  Personally,...more
p2822
aVMike had been crowing about this series for long enough that I gave the first installment a shot -- a daring move, given the length (huge) and subject matter (fantasy), neither of which are typically interesting to me. It took me a little while to get into the groove of who each character is, though George RR Martin does reintroduce characters' descriptors frequently, which is somewhat helpful. I think the main thing that propelled me through is really wanting to know what happened to specific c...more
p2823
aVA fantasy novel that doesn't feel so much like a fantasy, its closer to Pillars of the Earth set in a fictional kingdom.  There are some fantasy elements but they're few and far between.  This is an intense novel, the pace is break-neck throughout.  Well written, perhaps the most eloquent fantasy novel I've read since Lord of the Rings.Problems?  Well this is part of a very large and incomplete series.    Will it ever be finished?  Who knows.  I haven't read the other books in the series but Amazon revie...more
p2824
aVGood God, I loved this book. Seriously, I've read it three times already, and it hasn't gotten old yet. This doesn't mean that I don't have any problems with the book, though.Major Pros:I'm a sucker for characters that are in shades of gray. Nobody's really good or bad in this one.I just love a well written fantasy, particularly with the medievalistic twists. Swords? Armor? Dragons? You bet I'm there.Tyrion Lannister. Seriously. Possibly the best part of the book, and definitely the best part of...more
p2825
aVI tried to stop reading this book a number of times but I couldn't put it down.  There were a number of characters that I grew a little too attached to, as evidenced by my reactions when bad things happened to them.  Very few books have evoked such a visceral response from me.  I am looking forward to the rest of the series.  I don't watch much TV, so I haven't seen the HBO production but I have to admit, I read this book because of all the hoopla at Barnes and Noble - tables and tables devoted to t...more
p2826
aVOverall, it was an intricate story with different but intersecting story lines. That aspect of the book was executed well, there was always intrigue and the variety kept one story line from getting monotonous or boring.However, I did have a few problems with it.First, many of the characters didn't have much depth. My theory is that due to the plethora of characters, no one character had the adequate time to really develop. If a character was a bad person, that was almost all that they were. Seco...more
p2827
aVI loved this book - stayed awake many late nights reading it.  Chris got me to watch the new HBO series which is based on this first book while he was here in San Diego.  I've only tried fantasy books a few times and generally don't like them.  I think watching the TV series first helped a lot.  I heard how all the names are pronounced and got to know the main characters which i think helped me keep everything straight.  The characters are great, there's a lot of action and you never really know what...more
p2828
aVIf you won't get annoyed by multiple point of view, the book is delicious.  
p2829
aVI wanted to really love it, but I didn't really know what I was signing up for and perhaps had I been prepared for a multi-part historical fantasy I would have loved it.  I did enjoy all the description, but the book ended in a manner similar to the "Lord of the Rings" trilogy, the first book is just setting up the main groups of players and conflicts, not all that much happens exactly.  I also wished I'd realized there was a glossary in the back detailing all the different clans which would have...more
p2830
aVI made it about 200 pages in, and I only made it that far because so many people seem to love it. It was the literary equivalent of channel surfing. "Here's a lightly-described setting with unlikeable characters where something slightly odd is happening *NEW CHAPTER* Here's another lightly described setting with a different set of unlikeable characters where one of them is brooding about something that the author never explains." Lather, rinse, repeat.I don't know -- maybe it becomes awesome aft...more
p2831
aVThis series of books is swallowing my summer. Being the first book in the series, the reader is introduced to a vast fantasy world - roughly midieval, but not meant to be a time period on Earth. Martin's fictional world is so damn complete it's scary. The characters are intriguing, and there are so many of them - all in different places following different paths - and yet they intertwine beautifully as the major players seeking the throne of the the seven kingdoms of Westeros. A dwarf, a tom boy...more
p2832
aVI watched the recent TV series, then I read the book. I'm glad I did it that way round. It felt right to enjoy the surprises on the screen, instead of knowing what was coming. I usually feel that the movie or series ruins the book. Not this time.The TV series was a fantastic adaptation, but this fills in all the gaps that are inevitable in such an epic story filled with characters with unusual names. I love the names. Where on earth did he get them from. Danaerys. Viseryus. I would read the next...more
p2833
aVI was drawn to this book because of the HBO show of the same name, and while I do not consider myself to be any kind of Fantasy Lit fan, aside from Harry Potter and some Neil Gaiman I have little depth on the subject, I have been drawn into this hook, line, and sinker, and am already trying to decide how soon to start devouring the second book.It is a sweeping epic of a mythical Earth that takes place in a Medieval style setting with Knights, Peasants, Swords, Wars... and Dragons, Zombies, and M...more
p2834
aVJust as amazing as everyone said it would be. I couldn't put it down. 
p2835
aVA Game of Thrones invites comparisons to J.R.R. Tolkien\u005cu2019s The Lord of the Rings and Robert Jordan\u005cu2019s The Wheel of Time.  The series rivals those in quality but is very different in style and tone.  The Lord of the Rings and The Wheel of Time are about epic battles between good and evil; A Game of Thrones is similarly epic in scope, but the good and evil are contained within each character.  It is, at its heart, about power and its acquisition.  The tone is far darker than the aforementioned series an...more
p2836
aVI love me some fantasy, and I'm not ashamed to admit it.  And George RR Martin (while no Patrick Rothfuss - sorry, George) is still one damn fine storyteller.  And he also must have an extensive organization system when he writes.  These books are dense with characters and storylines.  Definitely not for the faint of heart. Spoiler alert: Any author who dares to end of book with a woman, having recently smothered and incinerated her warrior husband, suckling two recently-hatched dragons in the ashes...more
p2837
aVLike everyone else, I'm either reading this, have just finished it, or am watching it on tv.  I really enjoyed it.  It's very rich in characters and interesting oddities.  I suspect the author may throw in elements for the sheer fun of it-- the book's prologue seemed to have little to do with the rest of the book.  But perhaps he will return to some of the elements in later books.  It's a fun read and I'd recommend it to people that enjoy fantasy and/or 15th century english history.  It's also good fo...more
p2838
aVRead Kindle version - not lendable :-(Fun, fun, fun! It was even more fun reading this book because John and I were reading it together on our Kindles so we could talk about it as we went along.Even if you don't usually read fantasy, don't be afraid to give this one a try. Martin does a great job sucking you in and keeping you guessing by the changes in POV. And the characters are so complicated and detailed - you'll soon have your favorites - to love and to hate. And there's just enough fantasy...more
p2839
aVI am usually intimidated by books with so many pages, characters, and sub-plots because of my admittedly short attention span.  However, I am very grateful to the multiple positive reviews that lead me to try A Game of Thrones. This book, despite its size, is never boring.  I particularly appreciate how Martin does not simply define black and white good or evil. Through each character's individual story, we are presented their desires for love, honour, power, recognition, or vengeance that lead ev...more
p2840
aVWell! I when I first start this book I never thought I'd make it through it. High fantasy books with so many characters and so much detail often leave me confused and bored. My husband was reading this book and I REALLY wanted to have some discussion with him sorta "book club" style so I braved on through the first couple of chapters. Well, I am so glad that I did! The story is rich and adventurous! After becoming accustom to the writing style it was much easier to read. I also listed to a podca...more
p2841
aVIn theory, I hate low fantasy.  It conjures up images of mud farmers farming mud on muddy farms while knights resembling nothing more than toothless, cross-eyed drain clogs sodomize lice-ridden wenches dragged from communal latrines.  In reality, though, I have yet to read a low-fantasy novel that did not enrapture me.  Though I have also yet to read a fantasy novel that I would share my toothbrush with.The first novel in George R.R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire series (did I mention I hate fant...more
p2842
aVThis was an incredible story!  I am not a huge fan of fantasy novels, but I loved this one.  It reads much more like an historical fiction novel than fantasy.  There is just a small bit of magic and supernatural elements.  The story really concentrates more on the political intrigue and on character development than sorcery.  Each chapter is devoted to the point of view of a different character.  The only (slightly) dissapointing detail of this novel is the length!  It took me two weeks to finish!  Unfo...more
p2843
aVExcellent novel! George Martin has a great imagination and an exceptional story writer. Easily the best book I have read in the last ten years. The seven kingdoms are as contrasting as the characters. The Dothraki are a race of people who did not believe in privacy and almost everything they did was outdoors with few buildings. One could easily think of them as savages. Contrast that with the seven towers of Eyrie, within that realm there is beautiful mountains and streams. Winterfell, a cold an...more
p2844
aVAn amazing read. Oddly, I resisted reading this for quite a while. I tend to like to a little magic in my fantasy, and the magic in this series is very understated and subtle (at least at first). This isn't the medieval fantasties you read as a kid. The problems the characters face aren't simple, or clear. The threats that are looming are vague and for the most part, un-noticed by most of the protagonists. These characters feel real, their interactions complex and often, machiavellan.This is you...more
p2845
aVSPOILERS are possibleLove the way Martin is able to write in so many voices- makes the books so interesting and full of depth and detail. But it does get a little confusing, I mean, after reading the first two, I took a break. Then somehow managed to forget a lot- and now I've re-read the first, and am on the second. I've been watching the show too, which is amazing :)Daenerys Targaryen is my favourite character! After being timid in the beginning, she becomes such a bada** khalessi, and I love...more
p2846
aVI very much enjoyed this book. It is not the genre I usually read, but I had heard a lot of good things about it, so I decided to take the plunge. The story plays out like a medieval soap opera. At first it is difficult to keep all the characters straight. In the beginning I found myself confused on who was who, but by the 200 page mark I was set. I have not seen the HBO series, which I think is a plus because I wasn't swayed by what the characters were supposed to look like/act like. The novel...more
p2847
aVPros- Rich, fascinating story with lots of great details and exciting dynamics at play. The characters are interesting enough that you want to see where they end up (even if most of them are generally detestable and you're hoping it's at the business end of a harpoon). Cons- I'm pretty sure we could shave off a few hundred pages of smut and trekking through mountains and plains and still have plenty of both to go around. And also, citizens of Westeros, raise your hand if you've never slept with...more
p2848
aVHaving watched the show first (yes I'm one of THOSE people) I came into this book already knowing most of the plot points. That said, I still thoroughly enjoyed the book, and it was a nice return to fantasy, a genre I haven't read much of in a long while (excluding the LOTR trilogy). There's a couple groan inducing lines here and there, (most of them involve the words "butt" or "manhood") but on the whole A Game of Thrones is a great combination of intrigue and adventure. I appreciate that it's...more
p2849
aVAfter watching the first season of the television series, i decided to read this book. In doing so, i have been able to notice the complexity within the novel that the show didn't have. This book is detailed and entertaining in a way few books are, and tells a story of a world similar, yet vastly different to our own. Although some characters have less drive through the book, others such as Jon Snow and Tyrion Lanister carry the series and make it what we know it as today. I would recommend this...more
p2850
aVAt my son's urging, I gave this a shot last summer, and was soon sucked in to the vastness and rawness or the action.  There are certainly some riveting scenes and compelling characters.  But...by the beginning of the 4th book, Martin wore me out, and i simply dropped it.  The story and geography and history and complexity of the thing just kept expanding.  Characters you come to care about are literally abandoned for hundreds of pages at a time.  It seemed to me he simply has no idea where he's goin...more
p2851
aVFirst in a series of very long, action-packed fantasy books, A Game of Thrones moves quickly and violently through the lives of lots of different characters living in the Seven Kingdoms.  Each chapter is narrated by a different character and the complicated political and personal relationships can get confusing.  But the stories are compelling and readers who don\u005cu2019t mind making the investment needed will be hooked.   (Even though it was first published in 1996, this book was recently made into a popu...more
p2852
aVSlow start....the book got a little confusing at the beginning.  There were many characters to know and I just couldn't keep up with all the names.  Especially one person has their name, nickname and their sire name.  UGH!!!  I almost gave up listening, but being a person who can "NOT" finish a book once I started, kept on listening.I am soooo glad I did!  Once you get to know the characters, you get hooked.  If you love this book, you should listen to it.  Roy Dotrice is an awesome narrator.  He really...more
p2853
aVThe book kept me interested in what was going to happen next.  I enjoy a read like that.  The only thing I didn't like is that I feel there are alot of loose ends and people still alive that I want to know what happens to.   So the end of the book seems like a set up for book 2.  I don't care though as I have already purchased A Clash of Kings from Barnes and Noble and will start reading it tonight.  So far great book and I hope a great series because I have a funny feeling that when I am done with th...more
p2854
aVOne of the richest fantasies you will ever find!  Take the scope of Tolkien and make it darker, grittier, more over the top; then make the characters a good deal more warped and with snarky mouths and make them deal with very intense and violent situations and you've got ASOIAF.  These books are dark and often disturbing but it adds a gritty realism that most fantasy does not have. The characters are rich and diverse and have many flaws.  There are no perfect stock characters here.  Martin is probab...more
p2855
aVI really really enjoyed reading this book! I only began reading it because a friend recommended it but I didn't have high hopes, but as soon as I got into it, it really was something I enjoyed immensely. I liked the fact that it didn't linger in one place for too long but this was also something that annoyed me slightly which is why I only gave it 4stars. There were points where I was really enjoying reading it from let's say Dany's perspective and suddenly we would be off to Sansa at kings land...more
p2856
aVMy wife read the books back in the nineties after the TV show hit the air she mentioned that even though the HBO show is pretty good the books are as always many times better. In  the beginning it is kind of overwhelming due to the amount of characters.George RR Martin's writing is easy to read and a perfect balance of detail and storyline that you want to dive into the adventure every moment possible.It is clearly that Tyrion is the favorite character of the writer.Read it before watching the sh...more
p2857
aVIn short: a million times better than the show. Yes, I know that this was written before the show was even conceived, but like many people, I would have never discovered this book if it were not for the show. What this book does that the show is unable to do it create a highly intricate, realistic fantasy world, comparable to the Lord of the Rings. Sure, there may be a lot of characters, and at times I was forced to consulted my Game of Thrones iPhone app to remember who a certain lord was, but...more
p2858
aVI started reading these books in 1996 and I have to say I am still a fan. Admittedly I wish I didn't have to wait so long between books but it has usually been worth the wait. For once I can say a tv series has actually been a good thing as it has done wonders introducing people to George RR Martins work, a formidable fantasy writer. Mustn't forget his sci-Fi and wildcard books. Hope his next one after Dances with Dragons is well on it's way. If you enjoy fantasy you should read these books, his...more
p2859
aVVery good book in my opinion. I wanted to see what the hype was about with the show. I found out that they were based on books, and decided to check them out before watching the show. I was not disappointed. The book kept me engaged and not wanting to put it down. The irony in the book was fantastic, the way it showed the events of the book from other characters perspectives was also a plus. There is pretty much a character for everyone to fall in love with. I would highly recommend this book if...more
p2860
aVThis was a rather tedious read for me.  I did like the intricacies of the family tree/ancestry portion but could have done with a little less of the graphic description blood, guts, rape, pillage and destroy aspect.  I realize that is the thrust of what the book was about but what I DID enjoy was the intrigue within the various courts.  The hatching of the dragon eggs scenario at the end made me want to progress to the next lengthy tome.  I will have to think about reading Book 2, though others have...more
p2861
aVThere is one thing that this book is...and that is 'unpredictable'. I could not have guessed the kind of events that have taken place in this book and the sequence that these events have followed. I am still not sure whether I really like this book/series or not but then I am going to reserve that call just yet and give the second book of this series a go.One thing I would say is that this is the kind of a book where you need to push yourself to stay engaged till about 90% mark (with help from s...more
p2862
aVWow.I seriously cannot think of another word that could possibly describe the first book in this brilliant series created by George R. R. Martin.It has been a very, very long time since I have read something so intricately created, with every aspect of a whole world described in such detail. Every individual in this story is carefully thought out, with deep motives, personalities and the ability to make game-changing decisions. Just, wow.To read the rest of my review, please visit my book blog:h...more
p2863
aVLike many I was first exposed to Game of Thrones by the HBO series. Although there are some things that were changed I was surprised how much remained the same, with some scenes I'm sure were line for line. But that's a discussion for a different place.I feel the author successfully wove what at times was as much as five different stories together. It never felt there was a jarring change from viewpoint to viewpoint or plot-line to plot-line.This is the first book of the 7 book "A Song of Ice an...more
p2864
aVThis one was fun. Definitely a boy-book, despite his commitment to some strong and well-fleshed out women characters. Well-paced, nicely structured, and with a decent ending. I think that introducing moral ambiguity into the fantasy genre is an interesting idea, but I'm not sure it's ultimately consistent with the goals of the genre (but I'm old school LeGuin on this -- I think fantasy should clarify moral issues, rather than murk them up). And I'm not sure how much is really moral ambiguity and...more
p2865
aVWow - I have never seen the show this is based on, don't even have cable, but hearing about it piqued my interest. I was looking for a nice, serialized fantasy series to get me through the summer. This book really rips, though it is much more about palace intrigue and such and the fantasy element is kind of downplayed in a way that I think it might pick up steam in later volumes. Even so though, there is plenty of violence, sex and treachery to get you through. Just don't get too attached to any...more
p2866
aVDisclaimer: This review is coming from someone who watched seasons 1 and 2 of the HBO series before reading this first book of "A Song of Ice and Fire" series. Also, I'm not a huge fan of fantasy or war books.I really enjoyed this book, but I might have appreciated it more if I had read it before I watched the TV series. I thought the TV series moved slowly but, damn, this was like slogging through molasses. I loved several of the characters (Daenerys, Tyrion, Arya), and I was even able to appre...more
p2867
aVI read this during my trip to Alaska in 2011. It was a long albeit engaging read, but it was ultimately disappointing. The characters are well-constructed, and the world Martin has built is truly extensive. While this book does supply fantasy and escape, the reality to which it flees is bleak and full of despair. So the reader finds in the world of fantasy no more than a mirror image of the darkness in himself and the world. No hint of recovery or consolation, and certainly not eucatastrophe, th...more
p2868
aVPer ora sto procedendo bene, di sicuro mi piacer\u005cu00e0 pi\u005cu00f9 della serie. 
p2869
aVWhile this series is a bit over the top, I thoroughly enjoyed it. For pure entertainment, you can't beat a ripping yarn with outlandish characters, including some you actually care about. If there's a little more sex and gore than is really necessary, it's nicely balanced by a complex plot and complex characters. I've successfully avoided the HBO series so far. Magic! War! Dragons! Bloodthirsty villains! Courageous heroes! Evil women! Horrible ice-monsters! If these things strike your fancy, you...more
p2870
aVI read this having already watched the first two seasons of the HBO series, and I found that the show had followed the book extremely closely.  At times, this made the book feel a bit slow, since I already knew what was going to happen, but in other cases the slower pace of reading made it easier to build the timeline and understand the events in my head.  I found that there were some things I had forgotten (e.g. how a character had gotten from one place to another) and the story as a whole was ma...more
p2871
aVThis actually took me 41 days to finish. Not that I'm a very slow reader but my eyes were rather giving me a pretty hard time while trying to get through the job. Having watched the first two seasons of the adaptation in HBO, I tried not to let it get into my head while reading the book. So, there's that.Now, my thoughts about this book.This is probably the first book that I've encountered involving medieval politics; and boy, this type of stuff is actually pretty cool. Kings and queens, lords a...more
p2872
aVSo many people raved about this book to me, I was exited to read it myself. Unfortunately I think I was not made for this kind of epic fantasy books. I've started quite a few but never finished one. I liked the storytelling and that the story is told form different points of view. But the story does not manage to captivate me at all. I liked what I was reading but I wasn't curios about what would happen. If the book was shorter I would have finished it, and probably liked it quite much. But the...more
p2873
aVI wasn't sure I was going to make it through this book.  I think only the fact that it was an audio book and in my car kept me going, because for the first 1/3 to 1/2 of the book I hated every single character, and OMG, the over-the-top drama!  This is the type of gossiping, conniving, underhanded crap I try and avoid in real life, and I realized maybe I needed to avoid it in fiction as well because I wanted to smack everyone and tell them to grow up.  It was akin to listening to an episode of Jers...more
p2874
aV-so everyone i knew was going on and on about these books and id casually avoided them because 1)id heard they were misogynistic and 2)the series was never going to get finished but i eventually caved after reading that maybe it wasnt so misogynistic and that grrm actually has a real deadline in the form of a television show. its alright.-i liked the structure of the book especially, in the way it progresses the plot with each chapter but also lets the reader catch up on what every character thi...more
p2875
aVReally enjoyed it - waited till almost the end of season two to read it. The show follows the book pretty faithfully with the exception of the Dothraki world. At this point (about a fifth of the way into book 2) I'm not sure if that's necessary information. Otherwise, I'm not sure if I should recommend the book to someone who's seen the show. There's extra flavour, but not really a lot new until the last fifth of the book where it becomes a lot more interesting than the show. I suppose if you've...more
p2876
aVSo far, GRRM's intricate plot & excellently fleshed out characters have been highly enjoyable. As for the Jordan v. Martin debate-their styles are really really dissimilar. Martin is almost terse in comparison to Jordan or even Jacquelyn Carey (who also does these "Fant-histories"). So far, excellent books & I fully plan on reading the rest of the series, but the use of language, imagery & the overall style puts A Game of Thrones on a playing field just below the majesty that is Jord...more
p2877
aVThis book (and the entire series) is exceptional. If you like power, intrigue, wars, murder, and dozens of unique characters, then start here. I found every book fascinating.It takes a real love of writing to spend the time and energy to build an entire civilization, complete with geography, politics, family rivalry, history, and war. From the moment you begin, you are transported into a world both familiar and unique.Martin entertains and amazes with his writing skill. It naturally flows and gr...more
p2878
aVVery well done darkish fantasy. I tried reading this a few years ago and put it down due to my inability to manage the various characters and story lines. After watching some of the HBO series, I decided to try at it again and was not disappointed at all. I have heard many people bemoan or find it curious that Mr. Martin would kill off characters of importance in his work, but I find it adds to the realism of this type of book, which is, in my opinion a study of politics in a fantasy setting. Ti...more
p2879
aVFive things about Game of Thrones1.  I loved how many times George RR Martin included the title phrase "game of thrones" in the story!2.  When Daenerys has milk squirting out of her breasts! What??!!  3.  How Martin deftly weaves the various story lines in and out of one another.  4.  Complex characters such as Tyrion Lannister.  I still don't know if I love him or hate him.  5.  Magic is present... but not a main focal point of the story... I Like that.  Gods Woods are a great imaginative idea.  Bonus: Ma...more
p2880
aVI read this book after borrowing the DVD of the first season from the library - what a well produced show... so my reading of the book is coloured to some degree by the series as I visualized the actors from the series while reading - but this is not a detriment given how well cast the show is (and I prefer the children being 3-8 years older than they are in the book given they still ARE children - except Jon and Robb who are on the "added at least 8 years" part of the scale as despite the ages...more
p2881
aVPretentious, at times more than boring, bloody and violent; not to mention depressing.If it were up to paypal, this wouldn't have been printed. There's brother-sister incest; father daughter incest (book 2); eating horse hearts; rape; brother on sister abuse...throwing kids off towers...and on and on....the author made certain of one thing - you can never claim it was predictable.At times the descriptions went on and on. Best parts: The Dwarf's story and the Khalessi...she turns into quite a lea...more
p2882
aVLove the world that Martin has created and all the depth of character revealed.  There are so many characters that it takes awhile to learn who they all are and how they contribute.  I appreciate hearing a story from different perspectives, most books can't do this very successfully.  The kingdom and it's religions is fascinating.  It is realistic enough to believe while still containing elements that challenge our imagination.  I was hooked and found this book to be very hard to put down.  The change...more
p2883
aVI couldn't finish this book.  I didn't even get halfway through it.I saw a mention of the author as "the American Tolkein."  I was skeptical, but I love Tolkein, and I thought, ok, let's try it, what the heck.No. Just NO.  First of all, despite the fact that there are a few interesting ideas, this book is stuffed with fantasy cliches, and the writing is mediocre at best.  Tolkein?  Please.  J.R.R. could WRITE.  I was intrigued by "Winter is coming" -- but even that has been done better by other authors...more
p2884
aVI really enjoyed this book, more than I expected to. I didn't think I would like that there were so many narrators, 8 (or more I, forget already and I only finished the book a few hours ago!) seems like it will be hard to keep up with but it really wasn't. One of the advantages to several perspectives & the fact that they switched so frequently was that I couldn't really just read the last few pages when the suspense became too much for me. Sometimes an author will make things so obvious to...more
p2885
aVI'm not much of one for long reviews, but here's the explanation for the 3 stars: It is a "first book", so it is not very subtle. The violence is violent, the sex is silly (though I'm concerned about some of Martin's hang-ups with incest). The plot is twisty, but not particularly complex. There is some obnoxious gender stuff, but he's a guy writing popular fiction, and I'm a critical feminist, so we have to make allowances for both of us. I'm keeping an open mind and continuing the series, but i...more
p2886
aVI watched Season 1 on HBO and fell in love with the series. 
p2887
aVThis book was recommended to me by a number of my friends, all of whom swear it is one of the best novels and one of the best series they've read in a long time. I am a huge fantasy addict, and this book feeds my addiction.Martin's writing style is rich and detailed, and I absolutely love the way nothing is what it seems. His world is clearly developed and beautifully described. This is not your typical high fantasy novel, filled to the brim with magic and dragons, and all the characters are won...more
p2888
aVThis book was a slow read for me. It took a while for me to get into , but once I did, it was good. There are a lot of characters to keep track of and in the beginning it was a little daunting. But once I got invested in the book, it was much easier. Though keeping track of some of the secondary characters was still challenging.The story itself was really good! It has so many layers and so many people, it's crazy how the author came up with all of it and create such a deep story out of it. It's...more
p2889
aVCould there possibly be anyone more perfect for the role of Tyrion Lannister than actor Peter Dinklage? Answer: negative. The man is born for the part. In much the same way that Martin Freeman was born to play Bilbo Baggins. A no-brainer. I had no idea that A Game of Thrones was recently adapted into an HBO television series when I started reading, yet I could only ever picture Peter Dinklage. So of course I wasn't surprised to see this IMDB image:Perfect, perfect perfect. And of course, Sean Be...more
p2890
aVThis story held me captive from beginning to end.  Martin writes so well that you feel like you are right beside the characters as they go through their victories and defeats.  There is no predicting where the plot will go next, but it's always better than imagined.  His writing is clear and even though there are many people in his story it is easy to remember them and keep their lives straight.  Martin is a brave author to risk so much  with a story line and very talented to make it work so well.   I...more
p2891
aVIm at a loss ofr this book right now. it may be to soon to judge as ive just started but allready i have mixed feelings it seems im engaged and eager to read more and at other times im just embarrased by Martins blatant sexual content i mean it goes from cool fairly well written story to something a horny twelve year old wrote and write i feel ive just got to stick it through and see where it takes. I guess i shouldn't complain to much as i only baught it because the box set was selling at costc...more
p2892
aVI had watched most of the TV show before I finally decided to start this book and neither are a let down. The story while at times seems long and driven by little real action besides the back stabbing of lords and ladies of the court (thus a Game of Thrones) kept it's intrigue by literally changing point of view every chapter. While in most books this would be a contrived way of saying 'I don't have enough to say from this one character' it worked beautifully here in that I would read three chap...more
p2893
aVI'm a little late to this party. I didn't read the book until I saw the HBO series. The book was just as impressive--rich in detail with marvelous characters. I can't say more than you should read it, although if you love the genre you probably already have. I will say this about the TV series, however--HBO follows the book perfectly. No room for creative license or interpretation. Makes me wonder how well Harry Potter would have fared if they'd gotten hold of it instead of subjecting it to the...more
p2894
aVAn excellent book. This is not your usual fantasy tale: A kingdom in need, an old teacher, the young boy, being told his true destiny, chosen, destined to save the country or better yet: the world.The narrative technique is interesting: Each chapter is told through the perspective of a character. That way, you get many different views on the current actions.Also, this is not a book that gives you what you would like: People can die. A simple and obvious fact, but this is a book that shows that n...more
p2895
aVIt is clear that most people either love this book, or hate it. This is not uncommon as most great pieces of art appear to elicit widely divergent opnions. I place myself squarely among those who loved this book. I was reluctant to pick up a Game of Thrones as Fantasy is a genre that I have always avoided, but I am happy to say that I am hooked on it and determined to read the rest of the series. Yes, there are quibbles that I have with the novel: a too large cast of subsidiary characters that I...more
p2896
aVIn a world strife with mystery, gallantry and misogyny set in a place of fantastical past or a place with very little fantasy, George RR Martin\u005cu2019s Game of Thrones begins that may very well be this generation\u005cu2019s Lord of The Rings. I mean that in a sense of how the writer has influenced current fantasy material --by mixing modern themes in a fantasy setting-- is now trendy. The seasons run long, winter lasts a lifetime where summer can be a decade. The dragons are dead, the wild children all forgott...more
p2897
aVI am a bit of a sucker when it comes to fictional series ( why have I not stopped reading the brian herbert dune drivel) so I came in to this really sceptical. seems I was right. AGOT takes a while to pick up steam and once it does it meanders down a rather easily navigatable river of tried tropes and themes. I kept wanting a bit quicker pace and to care more for these characters, but they all felt like shadows of friends I had left in other lands. As I stated I am a completist sucker and will t...more
p2898
aVI HATE that I'm late to this party.  In all honesty, I had never heard of "A Game of Thrones" until the show was on HBO and I only picked up the book because I saw 1 episode and wanted to know what happened.  And here I am, completely floored by this thing.  This is so damn well written that I can't stand it.  To shove this in the genre of "Fantasy" is not good enough for it, this book honestly needs to be held as high as any other piece of modern literature.  Even for it's 800+ page size, it never f...more
p2899
aVI was thoroughly entertained from start to finish with this book. It's not the kind of story I'd normally pick up, but I heard such great things about the new HBO series Game of Thrones and the series of books that inspired it. I thought I'd give the first book a try. Holy smokes, now I see what everyone is talking about! Seriously good stuff here. A TON of characters, but the way the story is told, you don't really loose track of anyone. There are bite-sized chapters, each written from the pers...more
p2900
aVAfter watching a few episodes of the HBO miniseries, I knew I had to get into the book series.  I was hooked after a few chapters.  I had a difficult time putting this book down, and really enjoyed following multiple characters throughout the entire book.  I will admit that, if I didn't have a mental image to attach to the characters (thanks to the miniseries), it would've been VERY difficult at times to keep up with who's who.  I think the show actually helped me enjoy the book more.  It made me hav...more
p2901
aVIt was good to read the book while watching the show because both are pretty complicated in the "wait, which white guy with blondish/ brown hair and a beard is that? Shit they all are too dirty and look the same" kind of way.  the book is better cause it's not as racist as the show is and it ends on a very compelling note that definitely makes me want to read the next one.  I could do without all the misogyny but one must swallow the blue pill sometimes when reading dude fantasy and just accept it...more
p2902
aVOk, so I went into this thing because I was interested in the TV show and felt like reading the book before watching any of the episodes and HOLY CRAP was this book good.  If you even remotely enjoy world building around fantasy settings, then I recommend this thing.  The story started a little slow and a veritable smorgasbord of characters are thrown your way right from the get go, but the pay off is huge for sticking with it. The character building is excellent does really does a bang up job mak...more
p2903
aVAn multifaceted story, part historical, part fantasy, part romance, part adventure.  So many different stories interweaving and always flowing.  There are kings, queens, nobles, bastards, commons, direwolves, "othors", dragons and horse warriors (kind of like Clingons on horses).  There's a great wall, seas, a winter and southern land.  Here winters and summers can last for decades.  This was the first book in a long time where I could not wait to get home and read it.  I would have given it five star...more
p2904
aVOne of the better books I've read in recent memory. There were parts that had my heart racing and finger clicking the "next page" button as fast as I could read. I'd say it was a page-turner, but it was more a page... clicker. Because of the Kindle and it's lack of physical pages. But I digress.Awesome book. I think the best way I can describe it is that it's like the TV show Battlestar Galactica (the 2004 version), but in a dark fantasy setting and, regrettably, without robots. There's politica...more
p2905
aVOkay, started reading this when I'd heard they were adapting it for TV (and I wanted something new to read) but I only got to page 23 and I just couldn't get into it/was forgetting who was who, etc.So, I waited until watching the first episode of the TV series (which I loved by the way) and started reading again. Found it much easier to keep tabs on who was who (I just remembered the face of the actor/actress who was playing the character) and found it easier to read.I must admit, having now wat...more
p2906
aVI never read fantasy. My best friend called me and screamed in my ear "YOU MUST READ THIS BOOK SERIES!" I was a little shaken up, but I went to my library and ordered the book over from the next town. It came in a few days later, and I picked it up. The beginning was slow, I'm not going to lie, but as soon as the characters are introduced, the plot begins to develop, and the rivalries and friendships are tested (all in the very first few chapters!) the book just takes off. I finished it in one o...more
p2907
aVNow that I got Hunger Ganes out of the way, I can get back to this!
p2908
aVA Song of Ice and Fire is a brilliant tale, though the setting sometimes seems unoriginal. There are knights in shining armor, dragons, a mysterious race of evil beings in the far north, the threat of which all but a few characters are ignoring... But every cliche is used in a way that is very original. The brutality of the story is certainly original. Major viewpoint characters have a habit of dying when you least expect it, and the sheer quantity of horrible things the characters are forced to...more
p2909
aVFirst:  I would never have read this book of my own accord if it hadn't been a result of a bet.  Second:  I'm really glad I made that bet.Adult fantasy novels are just not my thing. I LOVED young adult fantasy growing up (A Wrinkle in Time, The Giver, The Redwall Series, anything by Roald Dahl, etc.) but I was just never ever interested in carrying around brick sized tomes about men in crushed velvet doublets and how much they love their swords.  Until now.The bet was a trade:  I would read Game of T...more
p2910
aVAbout halfway through this book, and I'm really, really liking it. 
p2911
aVWhile I certainly can't speak for all Fantasy readers, I can say that for me the entire A Song of Ice and Fire series has been amazing.  R R Martin's ability to weave a huge array of characters together into an amazing tapestry of storytelling is awe inspiring.  When you read voraciously, you're always looking for that next great book that keeps you coming back for more, A Game of Thrones kept me looking for comparable works of Fantasy for ages and the series has done the same or more.  Like all fa...more
p2912
aVAn amazing and finely crafted fantasy book. It just had too much adult material. Each chapter was titled with the name of a character and the story advanced as each character told what happened to them. The story takes place in 3-4 locations and there are almost a dozen characters. Each character is well defined and consistent. The only thing that was frustrating was it is not a quick read because there is so much going on and it was the first of a four book series (and this one was 700 pages!)....more
p2913
aVThe wars really do feel like they are going on and on and on like real wars would. Perhaps this is good writing for getting across this kind of duration and frustration, but it can be a bit taxing to read through at times.  These books kind of feel like they are taking a really long time to get to the point.  There are still a couple more books to be released for this series.  Though I enjoy it overall, I am kind of dreading having to work through all of those tiny steps to get there.  These could s...more
p2914
aVThis author is one of my favorites, he writes so well. I picked up A Game of Thrones  on a recommend from on of my friends and couldn't put it down for the next several days, I was fascinated by the command of language that George R.R. Martin is able to muster in order to weave the tapestry that is this enchanting and involving story. He is also able to show restraint and not introduce a myriad of characters with a cast list so long it could be compiled into a book itself. More time is given to...more
p2915
aVLoved the first two books of this series, which is up to five now (I think).  Well written work by an author who I have followed.  The last two books have become somewhat tedious and appear to be milking the storyline.  This is not to say that things dont happen, just that it would appear that this will be another endless series of fantasy books where so much is written about the characters that the story becomes boring.  I do like this author, but am not sure I will spend another $8-$10 to buy the...more
p2916
aVThis was an amazing book. All the hoopla you have heard about it is true. Can't wait to get into book two. Great characters . Great story. No one is as you first think they are and everyone, and I mean everyone has an agenda. George R.R Martin has created an incredible world and populated with characters no matter how good or bad you care about what is going to happen to them. I know alot of people have hear about this great series because of the HBO show, which is great but do yourself a favor...more
p2917
aVOne of the best fantasy(?) books I've read since Harry Potter and Artemis Fowl.Lots of WTF moments but the author sure has that no holds barred style when it comes to violence and such.Everything was done beautifully.My new favorite. This book has gotten me out of my Harry Potter has ended mourning phase.And that is saying a lot. I've never been more excited about finishing a book since HP, THG and AF.My favorite characters are Tyrion Lannister, Jon Snow, Arya and Daenerys.They are such awesome...more
p2918
aVNot even close to the worst book I have read, but even further from the best. Entertaining, but at times too drawn-out. It took me until almost the conclusion to really get into it. Everyone claims this series is so great, and so addictive. There is either something I am missing, or the hype is simply a result of groupthink. Nonetheless, I'll likely read the next volume, as I have the set of books on loan from a friend. Overall a good novel, but I couldn't  help but think that the small amount of...more
p2919
aVIf you're looking for more to the story than HBO gave you, you'll be disappointed due to the excellent job the series did of following the book.  A little more graphic than the show, and with the added elements of imagination and seeing inside the character's minds that film can't reproduce.  Excellent read, very much worth your time if you enjoy reading fir reading's sake.  Just don't bother if your only into the show for the surface plot bexause theres not much to be gained from the book you can'...more
p2920
aVAfter hearing all of the hype surrounding this series, I just had to read it.  I was surprised at how long it took to read "A Game of Thrones" simply because it is very dense.  There are so many details and the author switches from one point of view to another which took a bit of getting accustomed to.  I really do like the characters and I am so amazed by the level of detail that the author infuses in the story.  I would definitely recommend this book (and series) to anyone who loves this type of b...more
p2921
aVTahle kniha si m\u005cu011b proti m\u005cu00e9 v\u005cu016fli z\u005cu00edskala. Hrozn\u005cu011b r\u005cu00e1da buch ji nesn\u005cu00e1\u005cu0161ela a n\u005cu011bkdy se mi to t\u005cu00e9m\u005cu011b\u005cu0159 i povede.... je to kniha o vra\u005cu017ed\u005cu011bn\u005cu00ed, nespravedlnosti a zn\u005cu00e1sil\u005cu0148ov\u005cu00e1n\u005cu00ed, valn\u005cu00e1 v\u005cu011bt\u005cu0161ina postav si zaslou\u005cu017e\u005cu00ed smrt a i kdyby si ji nezaslou\u005cu017eili, pak jsoe nesympatick\u005cu00fd, ale p\u005cu0159esto ji miluju. Miluju a nesn\u005cu00e1\u005cu0161\u005cu00edm z\u005cu00e1rove\u005cu0148. Jsem v poku\u005cu0161en\u005cu00ed j\u005cu00ed nedat 5 hv\u005cu011bzdi\u005cu010dek, ale byla by to k\u005cu0159ivda.Styl psan\u005cu00ed,  propracovanost d\u005cu011bje a jej\u005cu00ed krut\u005cu00e1 re\u005cu00e1lnost mi to nedovol\u005cu00ed. Bre\u005cu010dele jsem v\u005cu00edckr\u005cu00e1t ne\u005cu017e se opova\u005cu017euju napsat a byla to jedna z m\u005cu00e1la...more
p2922
aVI really liked this book!  It was recommended to me by several people - Paul Kurdziel, Ryan, and David.Partially because of the genre, but also because it was long.  It reads like historcal fiction, but it is actually fantasy.  It remindedme of Pillars or Mists of Avalon, but everything and everyone in the book is pure fiction.Story is about several extended famiies ina feudal/medievil world.  Bood vs evil - man's cruelty.  I love the character of Tyrion the Imp.  (he is a midget.)  Glad there are 3 mo...more
p2923
aVI read this book after watching (and loving) the first 2 seasons of the hit tv show. Now I'm usually a "no, you have to read the book first because it's better!" but I this case I am very glad I had the memory of the tv show to reinforce the details of the book. The show is an epic adventure with nuance, subtlety, brutality, and a whole lotta cliff-hanging. The book on the other hand I found to be very straight-forward and not as spectacular as the show. I'll probably be hated on for saying that...more
p2924
aVWow, I absolutely loved this book. I must admit, I watched the television series first (which is how I came to find out about the books). Usually I tend to prefer the book over the televised version, but in this instance I enjoyed both equally as well - and I think that\u005cu2019s because the television series stayed true to the book, and I loved the cast that was chosen. It perhaps helped the fact that I\u005cu2019d watched the television series first because there are so many names and characters in the book - i...more
p2925
aVLet me start by saying I do not read fantasy....not even the epic Lord of the Rings. But my son just kept after me to read this book, and thank-you son this is one of the best books I have ever read. The way George R.R. Martin introduces all his characters is amazing, it is intimate. His description, it is vivid. The suspense, it builds to a point were you are literally on the edge of your seat. I cannot say enough about this book, just that it will make you crave for the next in the series. To...more
p2926
aVWhen I was younger I read a lot of Science Fiction and Fantasy, but I've been a bit out of the loop lately, so with all the hoopla about  George R. R. Martin's Song of Ice and Fire series, I thought it high time to catch up on that series, at least.  I also was looking for a downloadable audio book and The Game of Thrones was available.  Perfect.Listening to an epic story can be a bit challenging because you don't see the names printed out so you can get characters mixed up if the names are similar...more
p2927
aV The problems that I had with this series include: 1. Nothing seems to get resolved.  2. Every time I like a character, they die.  The whole thing seems to be an exercise in sex and violence, rather than a story.  I like multiple plot lines, good characters and intrigue.  I don't like giving up all those I care about and living through a never resolved series of sick sex and vile events.  I thought the mini series well done, but had the same issues.  How about some sick, some healthy relationships?  He...more
p2928
aVI waiting to read these books as long as I could stand.  I didn't want to be disappointed when I got to the 5th book and then have to play the waiting game until Mr. Martin got around to writing Book 6.  Books 1,3 and 5 were totally riveting and I would recommend them to anyone who has any imagination or interest in other worlds that contain knights, betrayal, war and a smattering of gritty sexual trysts.  Book 1 is a great introduction to the characters and leaves you (or me) immediately using my...more
p2929
aVI read this book as a massive fan of the series. The book is everything the series is and more. I read a lot of fantasy but this book is one of the best I've read. I know it's a fantasy but it is really more historical fiction. Made up historical fiction! There are fantasy elements but they are only hinted at in this first instalment. The world and the characters are so vivid and real - I love the point of view technique used because you get to know the characters really well. It's a long book b...more
p2930
aVI saw the series on HBO, as was hooked. I've never really enjoyed reading. I was always one of those "I'll just wait for the movie" types. I decided to get this book, and read it while waiting for season two, never imagining I would finish it so quickly (I tend to lose interest in books and never finish them). I couldn't put it down. By the time season two started, I was almost done with the the fifth book. I finally understand what people mean when they say that the book is better than the movi...more
p2931
aVFrom the moment young bran scaled the wall and was thrown off to be crippled on the stones below I was hooked to this story. I was intrigued by a lot of aspects of this story and many of its characters. I really developed a liking for Arya. I found her so interesting and she is still my favorite character in the whole series. She is such a strong character who has a lot of potential. I wanted to protect her and find out what she was going to do next at the same time. He leaves his books on cliff...more
p2932
aVI must admit I watched the television program first, but found the book more enjoyable (I loved the show, so that is high praise) as it readily detailed the characters in a way the program could not, complete with a depth of internal monologues, engagement, and believable character development that all, it just so happens, occur in a fantasy world. The book read so vividly because it has all the examination of a historical work with the intrigue, passion, and devices of fiction. Well worth a rea...more
p2933
aVI'll be honest I didn't pick this book up until I had seen the first season and was a hopeless addict. I must say that the two versions of the story (tv and book) are very very close. There is a lot of sex, swearing and violence so it's not for the faint of heart or the delicate. The world is incredibly rich with flashes of vibrant genius EVERYWHERE. It's so hard to write an ensemble cast story and have each of them just WORK. I highly recommend this to everyone and especially anyone who loved L...more
p2934
aVThis took me a while to get into, and if I hadn't been reading it for book club, I probably wouldn't have finished it, but I'm glad I did.  I don't think it will ever be my favorite series, but there's certainly enough complicated intrigue to be interesting.  I think the best part is the telling of the story from the "bad guy's" perspective.  Rather than being evil for the sake of being evil, you begin to understand that brutal childhoods, misguided love, or simple desire makes people the way they...more
p2935
aVA great story with really complex characters in a world full of political intrigue.  Twists and turns in the plot on nearly every page.  My only problem is that there is so much political intrigue and twisting/turning that I feel like I don't understand what the overall plot is.  Who am I ruiting for?  Who is the villain?  At times, I feel the characters I have rallied behind as a semi-protagonist are so overwhelmed and defeated and oppressed that it was nearly impossible to press on because I myself...more
p2936
aVI was a George R. R. Martin skeptic. While I don't think he's an American Tolkien, he's a good storyteller, capable of propelling a plot through hundreds of pages - and this book is just the start. So many characters, it really changed my mind about how much readers can absorb and remember. Game of Thrones is good, dirty fun, filled with sex and violence of all kinds. And he's not afraid to kill people off.He seems to get better as book goes along - or maybe my tastes have changed. Still, an enj...more
p2937
aVThis is a perfect book for someone who is not completely into fantasy. It has a reality aspect to it with very little fantasy. I saw the television show and immediately became hooked onto the characters, intrigued by the plot and on the edge of sanity to see the next episode. To find someone to talk about it with makes it even more exciting. As much as I enjoy the books there are some common phrases GRRM uses that are quite irritating. If I have to read that someone has grease falling down their...more
p2938
aVThis is a review of the series of books, rather than the first volume:Wonderful, deep, rich and textured.  George R R Martin has achieved what many fantasy authors have attempted and fallen short of.  A true geo-political fantasy epic, with a cast of hundreds, all of whom are rounded, flawed, fascinating characters.That being said, for my tastes, there's a little too much focus on the politics, and little personal interaction between the characters.  Also not a bed-time read - sometimes it feels mo...more
p2939
aVThis book definitely got me hooked on the series. There are some really fantastic characters in this book: Arya Stark and Tyrion the Imp are two favorites. And of course, wise and honorable Lord Eddard Stark. Lots of the world-building stuff is extremely compelling, especially the bit about the "seasons" and the layers and layers of history. The handling of the fantasy elements is also very interesting - there is a palpable sense in which such things belong to the past, whereas in the present th...more
p2940
aVTruly one of the most brilliant books of the fantasy stock in the past 50 years. The stakes are high and nobody is safe. The plots and subplots and their subplots are endless but it gives every character depth. Even the minor characters with only one appearance have a back story as well developed as the major characters. Prepare to be taken into a world where pirates, monsters, magic and war are all very real. Where Kings and Queens rule and everybody plays the Game of Thrones. Every page turn i...more
p2941
aVThis is a great start to an epic series.  The writing style is incredibly believable and natural.  The characters are real and flawed and engaging.  It is an incredibly 'real' story, whcih rings true on every page.  You could almost forget it's pure fantasy.My personal favourites at this stage are the Imp (the dwarf) and Arya (wilful tomboy).  I am also fond of the wolves.It is definitely an epic, but also incredibly easy to read.  There is a pace and intrigue which keeps you flipping the pages.  And I...more
p2942
aVA Game of Thrones was a thrilling fantasy epic. I loved the chapter format, changing the point of views from chapter to chapter. Despite the many different voices, the characters were very different, making it easy to follow the story. I also loved the description throughout the book, it was enough to get a mental picture without being overbearing. The reason it's four stars is the length of the book. It was a little too much and cutting out 100 pages would help greatly. Also, there wasn't much...more
p2943
aVI had already watched the first season of the HBO series before I started reading the book.  I enjoyed the book, even though I had to wait until the last page to get my dragon fix.  This is sounding more like a review of the show than the book, but I was pleased to find that the series was pretty true to the book.  The one main problem with the casting for the show is that many of the characters on the show appear much older than in the book. For example, Robb Stark and Jon Snow appear more like 22...more
p2944
aVThis book is excellent, well plotted with clever twists as the characters wield power and foolishness, spying on each other, hiding and discovering secret truths. Characters die, even significant ones. Some very gutsy story telling. My only disappointment with the book is when there are some graphic sex talk or sex scenes, or flagrant nudity or sexual traditions (such as having public sex for an entire clan to watch). That caveat said, the book would be slightly less than a five-star masterpiece...more
p2945
aVThis will be short and sweet cause I want to get on to reading the second book in the series rather than typing up a review. This book took me a good 60-70 pages to get in to it. There were so many characters, locations, and blending of fantasy and reality that it was a lot to keep track of at first. It was a little off-putting and confusing at times. Boy, am I glad I pushed thru!A I continued to read, the relevant characters and locations rose to the surface, and the line between reality and fa...more
p2946
aVI admit that I'm not a fan of fantasy but with the hype surrounding the HBO series and a recommendation from my wife I decided to give A Game of Thrones a go. It felt like a chore to get through this book because of the slow pacing and wordy, repetitive narration. How many times must we describe the sunrise/sunset and the surrounding landscape in changing light while a character reminisces? On a positive note, there is interesting political intrigue and exciting battle scenes. The main character...more
p2947
aVA Game of Thrones is the kind of sprawling epic that will make you seriously consider getting out the colour-coded post-it notes to keep track of the cast of thousands and the myriad tangled threads of the plot.The appendices help. They run to eight pages and list every single character \u005cu2013 at least, as far as I could tell. Among so many I may have missed one or two. Martin himself does not. The man has an inordinate fondness for the letter "T" \u005cu2013 particularly in combination with "y" \u005cu2013 and burdens...more
p2948
asS'totalCount'
p2949
I2945
sS'likes'
p2950
(lp2951
I525
aI257
aI324
aI231
aI93
aI127
aI115
aI81
aI105
aI46
aI72
aI43
aI42
aI37
aI161
aI45
aI26
aI22
aI36
aI21
aI20
aI16
aI68
aI117
aI13
aI15
aI15
aI64
aI21
aI21
aI85
aI12
aI14
aI32
aI37
aI9
aI19
aI8
aI104
aI8
aI7
aI11
aI44
aI41
aI6
aI5
aI11
aI6
aI5
aI5
aI15
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI6
aI4
aI4
aI6
aI4
aI4
aI15
aI12
aI4
aI4
aI7
aI52
aI10
aI28
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI22
aI3
aI3
aI3
aI5
aI6
aI3
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI3
aI3
aI5
aI6
aI3
aI19
aI5
aI9
aI13
aI9
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI3
aI3
aI5
aI6
aI3
aI17
aI2
aI3
aI3
aI3
aI3
aI3
aI2
aI2
aI3
aI3
aI3
aI6
aI5
aI3
aI9
aI2
aI2
aI2
aI2
aI2
aI2
aI2
aI3
aI4
aI2
aI3
aI10
aI4
aI2
aI4
aI2
aI12
aI5
aI5
aI7
aI2
aI7
aI4
aI4
aI2
aI2
aI3
aI2
aI2
aI2
aI2
aI6
aI6
aI2
aI2
aI3
aI2
aI5
aI1
aI4
aI11
aI2
aI5
aI7
aI2
aI2
aI3
aI3
aI4
aI2
aI9
aI1
aI2
aI3
aI6
aI1
aI2
aI2
aI1
aI2
aI3
aI1
aI2
aI2
aI2
aI2
aI2
aI3
aI1
aI2
aI1
aI2
aI3
aI5
aI8
aI2
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI2
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI2
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI2
aI1
aI1
aI2
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI2
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI5
aI1
aI1
aI7
aI3
aI2
aI1
aI2
aI1
aI5
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI5
aI2
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI5
aI2
aI5
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI31
aI1
aI2
aI2
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI3
aI1
aI2
aI2
aI1
aI3
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI4
aI1
aI2
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI4
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI2
aI2
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI2
aI1
aI1
aI10
aI2
aI3
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI3
aI2
aI2
aI1
aI3
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI4
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI6
aI2
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI2
aI2
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI5
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI3
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI2
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI2
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI1
aI2
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI9
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI2
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI1
aI2
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI28
aI0
aI2
aI5
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI3
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI10
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI2
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI1
aI7
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI2
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI23
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI2
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI4
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI3
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI4
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI4
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI2
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI3
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI6
aI2
aI0
aI1
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI2
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI9
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI6
aI0
aI11
aI1
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI3
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI2
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI2
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI4
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI3
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI2
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI3
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI3
aI2
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI4
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI6
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI2
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI2
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI23
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI2
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI2
aI0
aI2
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI2
aI3
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI8
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI4
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI4
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI2
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI3
aI2
aI1
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI3
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI6
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI2
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI2
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI5
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI2
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI1
aI0
aI2
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI3
aI4
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI2
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI2
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI2
aI0
aI0
aI2
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI2
aI0
aI0
aI3
aI0
aI3
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI2
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI2
aI1
aI0
aI2
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI3
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI2
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI2
aI1
aI2
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI10
aI0
aI1
aI5
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI2
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI3
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI3
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI11
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI2
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI2
aI0
aI1
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI25
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI3
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI2
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI31
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI2
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI2
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI3
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI3
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI3
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI2
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI2
aI0
aI0
aI3
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI3
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI2
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI3
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI2
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI2
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI2
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI2
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI1
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI9
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI2
aI0
aI1
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI2
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI2
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI4
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI2
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI2
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI0
aI1
aI0
aI0
asS'stars'
p2952
(lp2953
I1
aI1
aI1
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI2
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI2
aI5
aI2
aI4
aI4
aI2
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI1
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI1
aI1
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI1
aI4
aI5
aI2
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI1
aI5
aI2
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI2
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI3
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI2
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI1
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI1
aI1
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI2
aI5
aI2
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI1
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI3
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI1
aI4
aI2
aI4
aI2
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI2
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI2
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI1
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI2
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI1
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI1
aI4
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI1
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI2
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI2
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI2
aI2
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI2
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI3
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI2
aI4
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI2
aI1
aI1
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI2
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI2
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI1
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI1
aI3
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI3
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI1
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI2
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI2
aI1
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI2
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI2
aI2
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI3
aI3
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI1
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI2
aI5
aI2
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI2
aI3
aI3
aI5
aI2
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI1
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI2
aI2
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI2
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI2
aI4
aI4
aI2
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI3
aI5
aI3
aI3
aI3
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI2
aI3
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI1
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI1
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI2
aI4
aI3
aI1
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI2
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI2
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI1
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI1
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI1
aI2
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI1
aI5
aI5
aI2
aI2
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI2
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI2
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI2
aI2
aI2
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI1
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI2
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI2
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI2
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI2
aI2
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI2
aI3
aI3
aI4
aI2
aI3
aI5
aI3
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI2
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI2
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI2
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI2
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI1
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI2
aI5
aI4
aI1
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI2
aI3
aI5
aI2
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI3
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI2
aI5
aI3
aI3
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI2
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI2
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI1
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI2
aI4
aI3
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI2
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI3
aI3
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI1
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI1
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI3
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI2
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI2
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI2
aI3
aI2
aI5
aI4
aI2
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI2
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI2
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI2
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI3
aI2
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI2
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI2
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI2
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI3
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI2
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI2
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI1
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI1
aI3
aI5
aI2
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI1
aI3
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI1
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI1
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI2
aI4
aI3
aI2
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI1
aI3
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI2
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI2
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI2
aI2
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI3
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI2
aI4
aI5
aI2
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI2
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI3
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI2
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI2
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI1
aI3
aI1
aI4
aI3
aI3
aI2
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI2
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI1
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI3
aI3
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI2
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI2
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI2
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI2
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI2
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI2
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI1
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI3
aI1
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI2
aI4
aI5
aI2
aI4
aI3
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI1
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI2
aI4
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI2
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI2
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI1
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI1
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI1
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI2
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI2
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI1
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI1
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI2
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI2
aI2
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI2
aI3
aI4
aI1
aI4
aI2
aI3
aI5
aI3
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI2
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI3
aI2
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI2
aI4
aI2
aI4
aI1
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI2
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI3
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI2
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI1
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI2
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI2
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI2
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI2
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI2
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI2
aI1
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI2
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI3
aI3
aI2
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI2
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI2
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI2
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI2
aI4
aI1
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI1
aI2
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI3
aI2
aI1
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI2
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI2
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI2
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI2
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI1
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI1
aI2
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI3
aI3
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI2
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI1
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI1
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI2
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI3
aI3
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI3
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI2
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI1
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI2
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI2
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI1
aI5
aI3
aI3
aI5
aI2
aI2
aI5
aI2
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI2
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI2
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI2
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI2
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI2
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI2
aI3
aI3
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI2
aI4
aI1
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI2
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI3
aI3
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI3
aI3
aI4
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI4
aI4
aI5
aI5
aI5
aI2
aI5
asS'totalRating'
p2954
I12190
s.